chapter 2:Valentines Day

Valentines day is suppose to be filled with love but mine was the complete opposite.I left school early to get a  MRI and right when i layed down the pain was too much for me to handle,so i got one of those glorious butt shots. I think i figured out how those things work, when they give it to you the actual shot hurts so bad it makes you forget about your other pain for a while. that lasted for a whole three minutes until i was going crazy. so after three amazing hours of testing they decided to just skip to the important part,which of course included more pain. they needed to stick me with a needle to put some dye in me. Well my body was put through a lot of stuff so my veins i guess got a little smaller.so it was difficult to do so the guy tried not once .not twice,but three times and all three times my veins popped.So i called it a day .later that night my parents got home and immediately wanted to talk to me alone . well turns out once wasnt enough cancer was testing me a second time. they told me it was going to be way more intense this time because when a wilms recurrs once the percentage of it coming back again are high.Also because i was a rare cookie , i guess the spot it came back in was very uncommon and also that it returned because only ten percant of the kid actually have a recurrance. i was prepared to be "Twice as strong" this time the protocol was one and a half years of chemo and about a month of radiation .Instead of chemo once a week it was for a week and then two weeks off for a while. so after i got the news i had to tell my two best friends .First i called becca and abput four minuted later she arrived at my house in tears and i was too. but i pulled myself together and told her all the details i just heard from my parents and we just sat there in shock .In the mean time i had been calling ae and she wast answering but finally she did and i told her and she too rushed over and i repeated the news. none of us could believe it . that night was rough ,probably one of the toughest nights i will ever experience. i just had one thing to say...."Who's up for round two?'