Hope is Here
Margaret Hussmann


Page One

Copy: Margy was a normal girl. 

Illustration: Margy walking down the street or some other “normal” activity. Maybe just a full shot of her, long blonde hair, 13, blue eyes, thin.

Page two

Copy: She loved to do normal things like swimming.

Illustration: Margy and two girlfriends are in swimsuits in front of a pool. Maybe one friend has brown hair, the other black.


Page Three

Copy: She loved to play volleyball.

Illustration: girls playing volleyball or just a volleyball

Page Four

Copy: And she especially loved hanging out with her friends.

Illustration: same two friends from pool are sitting and watching TV perhaps we see the TV, the back of a couch, and the back of the three heads

Page Five

Copy: One day, all that changed when Margy got sick. The doctors said it was cancer. They told her she was going to need an operation to remove her left kidney.

Illustration: Margy is sitting on top of one of those high doctor tables with a hospital gown on, looking down; her head is resting in her right hand, no smile.

Page six

Copy: Margy was sad, afraid, and alone when she went to sleep for the operation. But, to her surprise, when she woke up, Hope was there.  Hope was Margy’s imaginary friend. She was bright, cheerful, and always knew how to make Margy laugh. Hope had bright orange hair and always had a smile on her face.

Illustration: Margy is in bed and beside her is Hope.

Page seven

Copy: After a couple of weeks, Margy lost her hair, and she lost weight. Hope could see that Margy was sad, so Hope said, “Never fear, Hope is here, bringing joy and cheer.” 

Illustration: Hope is dancing around Margy.

Page eight

Copy: To get Margy to feel better about losing her hair, Hope came up with a silly rhyme, “You lost your hair, who cares; at least you can find your underwear.” This brought a smile to Margy’s face. 

Illustration: Maybe just a big close-up of a smile on Margy’s face.

Page nine

Copy: Then, the smile disappeared because Margy looked in the mirror and saw that she was real skinny. 

Illustration: Margy looking at her thin frame in a long mirror.

Page ten

Copy: Of course, Hope came running, saying, “Never fear, Hope is here, bringing with her joy and cheer.” 

Illustration: Hope is still standing and looking at herself in the mirror, expression unchanged. Hope is in the background dancing.

Page eleven

Copy: Hope knew she needed to say something more in order to bring Margy’s confidence back, so Hope said, “You got real skinny, you got real thin, and this battle you fight, you still can win.” This made Margy feel more confident.

Illustration: Margy is still in front of the mirror, but now she is marching like she is in an army and Hope is too. Maybe they both have on soldiers’ helmets.

Page twelve

Copy: Then Margy had to be in the hospital for a long time. Margy missed her friends and family.

Illustration: Margy back in the hospital room, in bed, looking at a large clock on the wall.

Page thirteen

Copy: Hope saw Margy’s gloomy face and said, “Never fear, Hope is here, bringing with her joy and cheer.”

Illustration: Same hospital bed scene, same face on Margy, Hope is dancing through the door.

Page fourteen

Copy: Hope had to think real hard about how to make Margy feel better. Finally, she did.  She said, “Margy, Margy, you’re doing fine, your friends and family think of you all the time.” 

Illustration: Hope sitting on Margy’s bed making a funny face and Margy is laughing.

Page fifteen

Copy: After a few months with Hope, Margy got better. Her hair grew back, and she also gained weight.

Illustration: Margy looks like she did at the beginning of the book, and Hope is beside her.

Page sixteen

Copy: Margy was back to normal, so Hope said, “Look Margy, you’re healthy and stout, you’re doing things you worried about. I helped you, now you gotta help me – go visit a patient named Melanie.”

Illustration: Margy is walking up the sidewalk outside a hospital.

Page seventeen

Copy: Margy went to visit Melanie. She was losing hair and losing weight. Melanie had to get chemo, just like Margy had. 

Illustration: Margy is standing beside Melanie, who is in bed, bald, thin and pale. The room is the exact room Margaret was in.

Page eighteen

Copy: Margy and Melanie talked for a long while, and finally Melanie said, “I’m scared, afraid, and alone.” As soon as she said that, Margy knew exactly how to cheer Melanie up. Margy said, “Never fear!  Margy and Hope are here, bringing with us joy and cheer.”

Illustration: Hope is in the hospital room with the same expression we saw her have when we first saw Hope on page six. Margy and Melanie are looking at Hope smiling.