Margaret Caroline Hussmann died at home on her terms of complications of cancer on Saturday morning, January 24th. She was born May 13, 1993, in El Paso, Texas. Margaret lived her life to the fullest and never lost hope or her enthusiasm for life. Margaret attended Polk Elementary, Hornedo Middle School and Franklin High School where she played basketball and volleyball. Margaret was also a player with the El Paso Wildfire Volleyball Club. Margaret was a member of the regional High Performance Junior Olympic Pipeline team with girls from West Texas and New Mexico. This team won the 2005 National Championship in Ft. Lauderdale, FL. Margaret enjoyed and excelled in many sports including poker. Margaret wrote and published a book Hope is Here, written to provide seriously ill children with the same spirit of survival and joy of life she possessed. On the volleyball court, Margaret was a natural leader and a positive force. Among her friends and family, Margaret was a bad a-- rock star and always the center of fun and laughter. Her mottos were "Twice as Strong" and "Never a Dull Moment". Margaret is survived by her parents, Amy and Harry Hussmann, her twin brother and 'womb mate" Calder Hayward and older brother Robert Thomas; grandparents Tom G. Hussmann and Sonja Arnold Boone; her aunts and uncles Alice White and husband Mike and Anne H. Mitchell and husband Mark. Margaret is also survived by many, many friends, classmates and her dogs Dora and Bubba. Margaret's family is grateful to Dr. Benjamin Carcamo, Dr. Larry Tremper and the Pediatric Oncology staff at Providence Memorial Hospital and M.D. Anderson, as well as Hospice of El Paso. A Memorial Service will be held Wednesday, January 28, 2009 at 6:00 PM at St. Mark's United Methodist Church, 5005 Love Rd. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to Hospice of El Paso/Margaret's Room, 1440 Miracle Way, El Paso, TX 79925 or the El Paso Community Foundation for the benefit of the Franklin High School Volleyball Team, P.O. Box 272, El Paso, TX 79943. Services entrusted to Martin Funeral Home West, 128 N. Resler Dr., El Paso TX 79912.
