We were the ones slow-dancing with streetlamps, fashioning gallows out of bottle and bone, we were singing from the tops of pines, the birds didn't know what to make of us and our scramble towards the sky, we were building walls in the backyard and knocking them down the next morning, on the metro we were always swimming in pools of our own sweat, on midnight treks for smokes we caught rain on our tongues and carried it back home, we were cages of light barreling towards the gutter, the only place we fit, our mating calls resembled quarters in a blender, our path was marked by the string of baffled dog catchers and gas station receipts, the candy in the freezer was not candy, the burns down our arms were not from the stove, the 40s in the recycling were stained with lipstick and piss, we were pipes bare save for resin, we were busted chainsaws, fences full of holes, we were the mad ones, our pockets full of rattlesnakes, our mouths full of cement, our pals were the garbage men and ghosts, we were the haloes around headlights when the sky cried mist, we were white-knuckling on the freeway while earthquakes shook the streets, we were twilight cathedrals crumbling and cold, we were weeping on the pavement when the blackout fell like snow, and we woke up from our dirt nap, in new alleys, all alone.

Here is something that is true: at some point in broad nightlight
you'll shave your pubes before going to a party
and end up ladling in a soup kitchen instead.
One time on Western and Expo
a guy hyped on PCP charged a cop car naked,
like maybe if he smashed the dash hard enough
he'd break the windshield and not his hands . . . but he was wrong,
and we watched him hit the pavement and sob.
He was Tank Man in South Central, but the cops didn't care,
and neither did we, really, since we just blinked and walked away.
Another time I stopped outside a sorority house
because a girl was at her window; it was dark, she was applying makeup
violently, which I hadn't thought possible, and I don't think she saw me
but I waved just in case. My friend Wilbur
said smoking helps you hike at high altitudes because your body
learns to deal with less oxygen, so maybe if I lock myself
in a gassed closet, I'll figure out how to navigate my sex life
without smothering in the sheets. Here's a weird one:
I punch myself when I'm anxious and nobody's looking
just to take my mind somewhere else, and I must confess,
it works. I don't know what the deal is with all these
streetside cathedrals, but they're creeping me out,
and it's not like I have anything new to say about God or sex,
but I'm still talking. I've learned that if you want to be left alone in public
you just have to curse in creative ways, like fuckshitfuck!,
and wear clothes with holes, but if you end up in the wrong neighborhood,
lonely strangers will stick to you like glaze—like last Friday
when I found myself handing a smoke to a bald gangbanger
who gave me girl advice for a good twenty minutes
at MacArthur Park. Most of it was just him complaining about his ex
and his dismal sex life, but the dude meant well.
So I wish I knew what to say about gin stagger and needles,
or how to forget an ex's perfume, but I don't. My sermon is
Zippo tricks and love notes written in wine,
my friends are my bruises, and I know I taste like nicotine,
but everybody tastes like something.
There was one time on Western and Expo when a man got really scared,
and rather than let anyone notice, he shattered his fists
against a checkered dash. Later I saw a girl plaster her face
when she was beautiful already,
and then along the lake known for body bags and ducks, I shared a cig
with a guy about as lonely as me. Here's the truth: at some point everything ends,
and the streetlights turn off, usually because it's bright enough to see.

How sweet it is to drink too much coffee
and smoke under the manic flatness of streetlamps
while cars drive by and police choppers float
overhead. I wonder if it matters
who's on the pill, or who's taking Prozac
because they can't stop staring at bridges.
Last night I slept in the library, watching
drunk students wander the quad,
laughing, tripping on boards and empty cans.
I wanted to hear what they were saying. I wanted
to follow them home and listen as they drunk-dialed
exes and slurred pleas for them to come over,
maybe catching dial tones, maybe having clumsy sex
they wouldn't remember.
Sometimes I think we're kidding ourselves when we say
we know what we want, or whom we'd like to fuck,
or how many times we've been talked down from rooftops
by loved ones. How lonely it is on the freeways
where everyone is in sight of each other but so
out of touch. How strange to see friends with razors
and burns under their clothes. It doesn't matter.
I can fall in love on the metro or on the moon
and I'll just end up on this same dusty corner, blowing smoke
on strangers as they walk and keep walking away.

At 4am, the only commercials are for call girls,
penile stimulants, and animal rights campaigns.
An occasional Discovery Channel documentary. Maybe a sitcom. 
So many people tossing their remotes and touching themselves,
in beds and on couches across the slow blue land,
disregarding their open curtains
and piles of unwashed clothes. This is all to say
there's a lot of sadness in TV dinners
and drinks left out overnight, long enough for moths
to get curious, drown and get tossed.
I feel like that octopus
who figured out how to open a jar underwater
from the inside, and instead of swimming out
just sat there, sort of looking around.

Let's go out late tonight, palming fives to beggars
and inscribing lines in every oak we pass, paying
no heed to sirens or stares. Last night was only
cheap beers alone at the bar and stumbling home,
sidestepping strangers and ghosts, breaking in
through my own window because I dropped
the keys in some alley. Let's not over-think this:
let's put a little something in our orange juice
and dance in the graveyard, belting out
hymns and hip-hop, as if they're the same thing,
and people will notice the stench of fear
disguised as elation, and they'll come out looking.
Let them come. Hell, let's call up
the mayor, the plumbers, the baseball team,
we'll take that graveyard and turn it into a rodeo,
a firework show that just won't stop, and when the alcohol
finally runs out, leaving us gasping and faint, we'll find
car batteries or antifreeze—anything to keep us going,
so blast the music, pour me another shot, come dance
with me here in this room with no windows or doors.
Let's try to ward off our exes and the dead—let's light
ourselves on fire so the last thing we see is bright
and warm and alive.

This is my hand, this is my fist, this is the sound
it makes against cartilage, on the dance floor or
in the chapel, and this is the way it cradles air
it's too scared to release. So what do we do now
that the foundations of our homes have splintered
and the unions are on strike? How can we
go on when we keep eating our own fingers
in our sleep? I was thinking about how this
is probably the end, soon the sky will fall
like a sheet of glass and the sea will boil away.
This is my hand, this is my pen, this is my poem
about the Apocalypse and how maybe
it's already happened. This is the stale gray of the ER
and the warm drip of pills down your throat.
This is my therapist, and her cute dimples,
and her wedding ring. These are mud dauber wasps
paralyzing spiders, stacking them eight or ten deep
inside their nests for their larvae to eat once they hatch.
These are thin spider legs folded like Kleenex, in neat
little piles, and that's us, in our houses and cubicles,
in our relationships and fragile skulls.
This is depression, this is a prescription, this
is the realization that the world will be just fine
without me. This is desperation. This is a love note.
These are my lips. Those are yours.

And the worst part was she'd only had a bottle and a half
which isn't much for her, and I shredded my soles running
only to find her slumped on the porch with a pack
of American Spirits on hand. She cried out
all the alcohol and told me about her mother, how to mix
a French 75. I pitched a dozen Valium across the lawn
to make the cats feel a little less empty, a little
less like spiders stuck in Coke bottles, left
to rot. We ordered gin and tonics at Denny's
and snorted coffee onto the rug. I know another girl
who is sad all the time, who smokes weed
and used to slip her hand into mine
on walks through golden hour haze. When I left her
she talked about barbiturates like old friends and gave me
a fistful of well-conditioned hair. She once said, I'll kill you,
I'll fucking kill you, I love you so much, in plumes
of pillow and smoke. Now it's the three of us on our own,
balking at prescription pads and chain-smoking
outside parties, spitting in gutters
to keep the currents strong. It's winter in Los Angeles
and the trees keep tearing up the sidewalks. People notice
when you've been crying but they rarely mention it,
and hordes of feral cats flood roadways, saying, Hit me,
don't hit me, please hit me, do it now. There are times
when the world feels like a scar
and no smog can satisfy these trenches in our lungs.
We're jigsaw diagnoses and mounds
of flat tires, and our friends worry because
we haven't been smiling or answering their calls, and they're right,
something is wrong, but we'll be the first to admit. It's 3am—
tonight I'm alone in the Culver City Denny's, wiping coffee
out of the carpet and setting every other smoke aside.
I am not holy. I hold my vices like a crutch.
I'm still wrapping my knuckles in barbed wire,
still helping loved ones dig their graves.

The ice grips the coffee
like spray paint holds a post.
Words are clingy shadows
drawing the ear
towards wet lips,
which is to say
they keep us apart.
I've been watching strangers
throw gazes in bars,
fluent in dog whistle talk
only the walls accept.
In the diner all the mugs
stacked in clean rows
are more grave than gravestone.
I like a cold stout
before anyone has wiped the foam—
through the amber flow
I can't tell if I'm looking in
or a stranger is looking out.
An exposed belly
cradles the end of a screwdriver
much like a vice grip
holds a tongue.
The only reason I feel secure
is that oil bleeds in rainbows
and scars don't peel away.
I remind myself
blood ambles veinways
only as long as it must.

Too much caffeine too late at night has got me doing handstands
in my brain, trying not to dislodge neurons or knock over
stacks of cans. I want to go outside and punch anyone
who looks me in the eye. I'm joking. I want to punch
myself in the eye until my face is half raccoon and half
homeless beard. If I sound like I'm scared
it's because I am. I've been talking to God nonstop
since I had that dream where for a moment I forgot
my name but I haven't gotten a response.
Only shards in my soles and that truck full
of manikins that drove by and felt
crucial—like maybe I could take one of them out
for a drink and learn something
about what it's like to be drawn and quartered,
what it's like to be stared at nonstop for hours.
I want to be a manikin. I'm joking. I want to be
something other than this fleshy mass of nerves
squirming too fast to fit in my own skin. While everyone
was out sipping wine and playing charades, I was in the dark
mixing cocktails out of beard hairs and dirt. I'm joking.
I was in the dark talking to God and waiting
for someone to remind me of my name, to apply ice
to my eye and say, Listen, we're all dying. Why not do it
a little more gracefully? The stars feel colder
when you shed your liquor jacket and watch them
nonstop for hours. They laugh like they know something
you don't. They want to destroy you. They want you
to hurt. I'm joking. They want to remind you
they're already dead.

How many heads can you fit into one oven, wait,
the better question is how many can you pull out
in time? I found my friend making a gin and antifreeze
cocktail but before I could slap it to the ground,
I heard my roommate waterboarding himself
in the bathroom. All the nooses have been cut,
all the knives hidden away, but still we find ways
to self-immolate, to choke on our tongues, to kick
buckets so hard we break our toes. This is going to hurt
for a long time, I told my friend as I punched him
in the jaw, with just enough force to knock the pistol
from his hand. Let the ambulance come, let the pills
and whiskey flood the toilet and not your veins.
Take those veins and wear them like a coat
of many colors, far more blue than red, far less
sedated than alive and living, yes, living, despite that
we're all dying on our own terms. When Renee died
she did it in her wheelchair amid piles of scrap metal and trash.
I caught myself burning a hole through the back of my hand
and with that hand I punched a hole in the fence
so my friends wouldn't have to. I drank the antifreeze,
I spat out the teeth, but who's going to catch me when I drop
like a pheasant full of birdshot? Some days I'm the laundry
and some days I'm the lint. It's all perspective. Flared lenses
smacking us with red eyes. Body bags with names
no one can read. Maybe we'll drive to Big Sur,
maybe we'll bar crawl down Fig, maybe we'll walk out
into the rain and swallow ourselves whole.

The only person I ever met
with perfect teeth was Wilbur, and they were perfect
because they were false, like half the stories he told,
winning the Medal of Honor, playing violin
with the LA Philharmonic, but there were others
I believed—like the one about two men tearing his sister
like cardboard while a third held a gun to his head.
We ate barbecue chips and smoked
at the bus stop, where men with knives eyed me
but finally shook my hand at Wilbur's nod.
Wilbur had fists like electric fences
but he brandished them like bouquets.
I liked that. I remember his eyes, 8-balls
in a mask full of cracks. We talked therapy and women
and the way this city has of crushing you
like a cricket under heel. When we said goodbye, I think he knew
we'd both be worse off without backup, without chips and smokes
and weekly tutor sessions where we forgot English 101
in favor of tall tales, because this is a hateful world,
past the smog checks and empty lots,
where blood creeps beneath footfalls
yet somehow always gets mopped up by passersby.
Me and Wilbur, we're the bleeders, we're the ones
wandering South Central with nothing
but handfuls of gauze, but we're trying
to be better. We're trying to clean the mess.

The kids are playing games with broken glass.
The poets are marching into the sea. We are
hurting each other with fists and feet;
street people are cutting themselves in public,
pouring their guts over cardboard signs.
We crave this symphony of wine and sewage.
Maybe people think they can dream their way into peace—
some kind of piss-stained Zen on the sidewalks—
but they're wrong. We're hands beating love songs
into drywall. We're rain finding cracks in the roof.
We're black phlegm . . . or steel. Syringes full of sparks.
Stained glass scattered across the floor.
The kids are kissing us on our eyelids.
The poets are cutting off their hands. Sometimes God
is the needle that slips between my ribs, and the needle
is a switchblade, and the switchblade is a stick of hot wax
wicked into shape by wet lips. The wax is flecked with bone.

Thick smoke has got me weeping on the corner,
clutching old love notes and crossing out words
until it's all nonsense: I gentle sex cold. Now unbearable heal hair.
Sitting here with Wilbur, feeling my lungs light up and fry,
I toss away my filter, lick my lips in the sun. I keep thinking about the night
I fell down the courtyard stairs—how the wine between my teeth
probably looked like blood, how the partiers
just kept partying. I found some bananas in the kitchen
and laid the peels out where people were dancing, but nobody slipped.
A couple nights later, I tried to make love to a girl, but I kept laugh-crying
so I zipped up her pants and went home. It wasn't fair,
and I have yet to call and explain what happened—how I wandered up 30th
past chalk-stained fences with my hands tearing
at each other like rabid dogs. It's all fucked, this city
and these lights and this noise . . . it's all a bunch
of pseudo-intellectuals and kids huffing paint.
The freeways are choked with wrecked frames
of bent metal and bone, and the drivers just keep driving.
On the bus, I sit and watch a boy braid his sister's hair.
He's got his eyes all screwed up, his lips parsed
and tense. The boy looks at me and grins.
His sister says, Don't stop, and our bus rocks along
to a backdrop of exhaust, punching holes in the air we all breathe.

The talking heads on the news had breaking coverage
of the lady who'd somehow sealed herself inside a plastic bag,
but they didn't seem too broken up about it; they went on
to praise a boy who designs bowties from his wheelchair.
There's no telling what sneaks around
our bedrooms while we sleep—I met a guy on the metro
who said he always opens his eyes slowly,
just so the creatures can hide. I saw faces
in the chapel organ when I was a kid, in all those screaming pipes,
receiving the hymns we offered and hurling them back
like stones. And the irony of being stoned in a church
is not lost on me. Yesterday I refilled my prescription
in Wal-Mart and people-watched for an hour. I imagined
all the little people piling in their minivans, driving home,
cooking dinner, having sex, cutting their toenails
and calling it a night. Maybe catching the last half hour
of the news. Maybe not. I told my father I believed
God was a sadist and he tensed up. He said,
I don't believe that, but I recognized the whites of his knuckles,
the way he kept his eyes on the road. The new meds were no good.
When I saw a severed foot in the recycling chute, I didn't think twice,
and then I thought about why I didn't think twice.
I dreamed I was being felled like an oak
by all the little people with one long saw, and I understood
why it was happening, so I let it. I dreamed the ants
built our houses and left them there for us to find,
not so that we could be happy, but so that we'd have places
to slowly kill each other with toenail clippings,
and cheap beer, and love.

I hate you, I said to the cat, but more to myself, and I threw him
out of my room hoping he wouldn't land on his feet,
but he did. There were mascara stains on my pillow
that I still don't know how to clean, or how to explain
when strangers spend the night. I found a razor blade
on the sidewalk outside the dispensary but I didn't pick it up.
Instead I called my friend and left a frantic voicemail
about how the sky was transparent, or something meaningless
like that, and the Valium couldn't save me,
the Lithium only slowed me down, so I tied off
my right lung and that helped a bit. It's hard to talk
to strangers without imagining them as corpses,
or lovers who will inevitably ask
about the mascara stains on my pillow. My trachea
is a guillotine shifting so slowly I forget it's there.
Somewhere it is daytime, and somewhere I am happy.
Somewhere I'm not hovering over the call button
to 911, just to tell them the sky is transparent. 
Maybe tomorrow I'll wake up to birds chirping.
Maybe the cat will have eaten them instead.

flying crooked on fettered wings
like maybe it just flew out of a blender
and then it's gone as our bus lights flicker past.
I lick my lips at the chill smack of midnight
whipping in through the window
while two dudes share a blunt to my right.
We pass a thin man walking twin pitbulls
outside a tattoo parlor. I get off at Imperial.
Out behind Southwest, Al and Wilbur offer me a smoke
and I nod yes to sirens in the east.
We are all lonely. Someone wrote Fred
up and down the staircase
like maybe he wanted someone else
to say it out loud. I hope Fred's alive somewhere
and not slumped in a gutter
or chopped up in some backyard.
I miss my stop on the bus ride home and I end up
in a neighborhood with sharp fences
and cardboard boxes piled on all the lawns.
It takes me two hours to get back
and by the time I do, my lip's cracked and raw
so I stand out on the balcony and let it bleed.

That's right, I was a gum stain on Sunset, I was the tongue that spat it out. I was a tear in a speaker buzzing like a fuse. Everyone shut up. I was lounging in Big Bear when my friend jumped out of a tree. When all the college kids swarmed the bars, I was an expired condom in a wallet, but I was also the wrapper, and the wallet. Listen: I was a moth making love to a floodlight until the morning smacked me down. I was a bouquet of daffodils tossed off the bridge. I was thinking about how many of my friends are dead, or how I would even know. I was watching videos of people putting their clothes back on after sex. I was the clothes and the skin they concealed. I remember now: I was a television in an empty room, I was a mirror marked with lipstick, I was a squirrel stuck in hot tar.

Around the time my girlfriend stopped eating
more than 400 calories a day
my roommate downed two dozen Valium
and punched a hole in the mirror
hanging off her door. The ER is cold
even without the air conditioning on,
as you walk past burn victims and epileptics,
straining to stare ahead at pastel morale posters.
From 1-10, how badly does it hurt
today? My girlfriend came over
and said the cleft in her waist
was her favorite thing about herself.
I fumbled with her bra and bit
my lips instead of hers.
I told her I could count her ribs
but she took it as a compliment.
My roommate came home from inpatient
and brought a new friend. Fall came
but the weather didn't change.
My therapist told me I was drinking
too much. Questionnaires and pamphlets.
Vitamins and prescriptions. I cut off
all my hair and my therapist
didn't notice. You look tired,
she said. My girlfriend brushed her teeth
twelve times a day. My roommate
stopped asking me for advice.
Winter came and people kept sunbathing.
My therapist said, Are you currently drunk?
I logged the pain in a legal pad daily
from 1-10. I watched the skyline
for a change. A year came and went.
My girlfriend left me. No one died.

One night my friends busted into a church
and broke the high windows, the colored panels
on the walls, and then smashed their bottles
and left. I like the thought of their beer-tinged shards
mixed in with Peter's left foot, Jesus' scalp, all
one mess of shattered frenzy—like starlings drenching
the sky in waves. It's called a murmuration,
when the birds do it. They flock by the thousands,
one leviathan spawned from many small, scared things.
August wrote a poem about the army ants' death spiral,
where they march in a whirlpool until their thin legs
break from beneath them. We murmurate in airports
and at downtown bus stops, brushing shoulders and pretending
we don't notice, or dancing in the steaming bellies
of clubs whose names we can't recall. Every cocktail
is a murmuration, like the contents of our stomachs,
or the signals jolting through our brains. I like to think
that if we had a 60-second video of all of humanity,
from beginning to end, it would look like a bunch of dancers
pirouetting in perfect time and not like a spiral of suicidal ants.
I like to think we're all moving in the same direction,
with stained glass under our feet and not at our throats.

Past the road's end, past the car hulls and stripped
gas stations, past the outhouses leaking graffiti, there
is a beach made of bones, dry vertebrae, split
ribs, jaws and teeth, and past that is an acid sea, the bones float
when tossed like bread, nothing lives, past the sea
is vast nothing, desert like an ice rink, like flesh
when a bandage is stripped, and past that
mountains chew the sky, windmills creak lullabies,
and someone must be up there watching the rubble, someone must
be laughing at how sad it all is, they must.

Somebody's been peeing into my coffee pot. Somebody's been
cutting all my weed. On lonesome nights when the pigeons
outside my window are the only company I can get,
I think someone injects me with morphine while I sleep.
I think I'm dying. I think I think too much.
Somewhere between LACMA and the pharmacy
I lost my girlfriend, and I want to put up
reward posters all across town, but I know I won't.
Someone has set me on fire. Someone put a gun
to my head and that someone was me. The city
has become a snapshot of an atom bomb,
an imprint of chaotic yes. Every flower
a firework in stasis. Every paint stain a grave.
On Western and Slauson, Wilbur tells me,
Here's where my best friend died, nonchalantly
pointing towards a gutted phone booth, and then
he cracks a joke about teenage prostitutes.
Somebody's tapped his phone and he knows it.
He hears the static through the wires.
I think death is an apology. I think God
was picked on in grade school. Was it the drugs I take
that drove her away? Am I allowed to ask
my therapist out on a date? I can't wait
for my sadness to turn into anger, my despair
into rage. I still haven't shaken my shadow.
On lonesome nights he flicks needles
and slides tacks into my shoes.

Somewhere in the world a boy
is getting a blowjob and somewhere
a girl is gritting her teeth. When
I see couples pass and imagine
them fucking, I'm sure they'll die
alone. It's only in absence
a thing can exist. It's the outline
it leaves behind. It's the space
between our lips, the sighs
we tack up in the air to prove
we were ever here at all.
In the evening I'll tell myself
I'm something as I study skin cells
in the mirror, as dandruff falls,
and I'll watch over my shoulder
for anything I can stand between.

We're blowing smoke in kids' faces, dropping
bottles off bridges, kissing our fists
as we throw them into trash compactors, like gods
of our own lives. Microwave dinners and mixed
drinks in our bedrooms—ink exposing our arteries
and hidden parts. On my balcony
a dove has made her nest and she won't move—
I think she's scared I'll take her eggs and swallow them
but we have an understanding: I won't hurt her
if she won't tell my roommates I smoke in my underwear
while our neighbors roam drunk in the courtyard
every night. I don't throw cinderblocks or chairs
like they do, not anymore, so I'm glad she chose
my balcony and not one of theirs. I feel no need
to scoop her up, twist her neck
and scramble her eggs for the girl I left
sweating in my bed sheets, because there is no girl,
no condom hung like a dress shirt off my chair, no
scribbled note or boxers on the floor. So that's
where we are, watching strangers kiss in the rain, performing
oral sex on our coffee mugs and leaving them
out to dry. It's a careful lonely we drink when the sky
is full of propellers and wings, or hollow points
marking God's awful spot in the clouds.

The hearts of men flutter and fail, they creep out
through dry throats and sit there smiling on the pavement
like eggs that won't fry. These are strange days in LA—
too many manhunts and transports, too many kids
busting each other's faces, reenacting gore portraits
they've learned at home, or out on the tracks
after dusk. Lately I've been stranded in angry mobs,
holding unpinned grenades that for some reason
won't explode. I've been boxing in halls of mirrors,
smoking spliffs with vagrant zombies who creep around
my neighborhood. The kids don't stand a chance—
by six they've learned the art of the laying on of hands
and all its intricacies: the graceful arc of a punch,
the orgasm of crunched cartilage, the baptism
of drowning in one's own blood. My skin's not thick enough
to ward off the needles, or the hollow points dancing
up and down my street. You are here, the sign says,
placing me with a red arrow at some intersection
in some neighborhood I don't know, but it's wrong,
I'm in a 40 on Vermont, I'm in pistols down Slauson,
I'm in a book in Doheny Library—the one about Pluto,
when he was still a planet, when he still mattered.

I'm still waiting for my lungs to collapse
and leak smoke, still waiting for these jackals
to break free from my jaw and ravage
the steeples and offices, the dumpsters
and all who live inside them. I'm still waiting
for my ambulance, for the liquor store attendant
to remember my name. Still waiting
on that loan installment, still waiting
for my girlfriend to say she loves me and mean it.
I've only been hit by one bus and been set aflame
one time, and the metros are still keeping schedule,
the crackheads are still slinging in the lot next door,
the man whose daughter I'm dating is still Googling me
and frowning at what he finds. We're all waiting
on the moon to swallow the earth, because everybody
likes an underdog—Wilbur's still waiting for me
to look him up after all these months. I know a woman
who has bullets for teeth. She sleeps in a doorjamb a block away
from the university, in piles of cans she's collected
during the day. She's still waiting for Jesus, like my parents,
or the bishop, or the devil, twiddling his thumbs
outside the temple. We're all waiting for each other
to give up the ghost. We're all waiting for someone
to teach us how to die.

An hour before the party, before one hundred ghosts
flood my backyard, I'm on the porch picking
a scab through a tear in my jeans, a splash
of wine dusting my beard. At the grocery store
I stumbled into one ghost who showed me
the scratch marks I'd left all down her back
the month before. The rows of frozen pizzas watched me
turn and walk away. Ghosts in our pockets, ghosts in our ears,
ghosts boxing in our crawl spaces. Twenty minutes
before the party, Michael's cat runs away,
and he's stumbling around in his underwear, shaking
a cup of cat food and calling out, Moxie! Moxie?,
in the kind of voice you use to talk to a baby.
He's either going to break a window or cry,
I'm not sure which, but I do know this:
five minutes before the party, a girl walks in
with purple hair, saying, I'm on a lot of meds,
as if that explains everything, and I say, Me too, and then
for some reason we shake hands. I'm sure she thinks
I'm a ghost, as she sips her Pacifico in the back, flirting
with boys by twirling her hair like spaghetti.
I expect we'll dig a couple graves tonight,
maybe for strangers, maybe for friends,
maybe for our dead cat, maybe just in case.

An ice tray, a moth in the shower, a box
of dominoes, a Bible soaked in gin, a hundred
emails, a dozen eggs, a handful of pine needles,
a handful of hair, a prom dress, a man
who cries in his sleep, a glass full
of milk, a light that never goes out,
a plane ticket, an airbag, a pouch
of tobacco, a pill bottle,
some pliers, a boxcutter, a roach,
a shadow with no caster, a painter
with no subject, a condom and a neck brace,
a sandwich full of mushrooms,
a toilet, a sickle, a tree
with no branches, a letter
with no return address, a moth
swimming into the drain,
an album full of mouths,
a sperm and an egg, a row of stitches,
a switchblade, a glass full of vodka,
a jury, a verdict, a mountain falling
in on itself, a handful of needles,
a psych ward, a bra, there, at the center,
you can see it if you look close:
the grimace like a tic
when the wine turns to water,
when the glass meets the floor.

I'm glad you've found me here, eating cigarettes in this pile of trash, counting my fingers to make sure I'm still intact—you with your sonata smile and dry ice heart you smother in rolling papers. And I'm glad you understand the nonsense I spout in my sleep, the jerky waltzes I thrust into your chest. You've read the Braille behind my black eyes, the botched Neruda that escapes with every cough, and I'm glad when I run, you know not to chase me. Lily, you're what the Vikings saw the first time the Aurora Borealis knocked them down. You're clean white bone hiding beneath scorched flesh, and the rain, and the gauze. I'm glad you caught me when my tightrope snapped, I'm glad you didn't step aside. Lily, I'm scared. Am I coming through to you? Can you tell me what happens next?

with soda when she finds them dying on the sidewalk,
sprinkling it like holy water on churchgoers' heads. I kill
black widows whenever I find them. I hope she would approve.
It's funny the way people seep into us, like smoke into cotton,
or Valium into blood. We pick up accents and gaits,
tremors and fears, stories we tell ourselves so many times
we come to believe they're ours. Lily doesn't wear makeup
but you wouldn't believe that if you saw her. She likes
daydreaming about the Apocalypse and how many people
are surfing or having sex or falling down stairs
at any given moment. I like feeding my brain toxins
and wondering where I am, how I came to inhabit this cage,
how many flights of stairs I've tumbled down before
hitting solid ground. When Lily strips and comes
into my bed, I hold her like a glass brim-full,
and I always spill, and she likes it.

Time is a bone that healed crooked
and has to be re-broken, re-set. Tell me
about the first night you came
over: what did you think
when you caught me chugging wine
in the bathroom? Couldn't you see
behind my flush I was nothing?
On the bus after 10pm
there's always someone rolling spliffs,
someone nursing their child
or their wounds. I used to ride
downtown and back on a whim,
or over to MacArthur Park
where they sell fake IDs for cheap.
No one stopped me besides the lunatics
passing out flyers for Bible study,
like, Jesus is the way—frothing,
angry men with megaphones. You told me
I smoked too much and you liked it.
I've been meaning to write you
a list of things I never said, like
I want to inhale you through a filter
but tobacco is the next best thing.
Remind me of the way you wreathed
yourself in light, how you could never
scrape me off your teeth
or tongue. Teach me the secret
of wandering with purpose,
of seeing stray dogs
and feeling something like hope.

I have packed my life into boxes and bags and the last thing to go is my beat-up guitar, sleeping in your arms. Here is the trash bag you stuffed my sweatshirts into, Lily, here is the suitcase I re-packed thirteen times. In five minutes I'll drive east with your bobby pin in my wallet and your breath in my mouth. It's hot out but your hands are shaking. Let them. In six hours I'll lie down in a bed that isn't my own, a bed you'll never see. In twelve I'll be swiping through photos, my phone screen torching my eyes in the dark. In a month I'll be blackout in a dive bar, avoiding strangers' looks, taking a shot every time your accent escapes my lips. In two months, a new bar. The same for three. In every new city, every cold night, I'll remember this moment, the wine stain on your blouse, your fingers on my face, your sobs that serve as soundtrack as I drive towards somewhere else.

Sitting on an Arizona gravel lawn half-past eleven
I thought about where it all came from: one big rock
shattered and tossed across a thousand yards.
And then I wondered if I was sitting on one big rock
or a thousand small ones. Or how when I take a drag
off my cigarette, I'm really inhaling dozens
of burning plants, that were maybe lined in a row, maybe not,
but it all comes together. When does paper stop being a tree,
when do I stop being the one writing this poem?
Jackson, come home, Lily said. Jackson, please.
That's what I used to say to myself whenever I stepped
out of my body and wouldn't step back in. I read that van Gogh
sent his girl a part of his ear. Was that his best attempt
at coming home? If he'd sent his hand or his head,
would that have been closer? The gravel is gravel
because it's no longer a boulder, the tobacco stops
being a plant once it's rolled, but how many appendages
do I have to lose before I stop being me?
Jackson, come home. Jackson, we're tired. Jackson,
I hate you, I love you, Jackson, I can't tell the difference.

That's me in the kitchen, falling
into the girl with purple hair,
staring out the window at the mob
of bodies clad in sweat.
Music like sirens and clash,
liquor soaking coarse beards.
I am listening for your voice
through the white noise
but you're not here—you're toasting
the new year in the Midwest,
held by handsome arms.
Throwing hands in dark alleys,
scrounging for spent butts, I knew my place,
I had my philosophies—the roaches
held up the sidewalks, the flasks
filled our coat sleeves—but now the clocks
have stopped singing,
the Valium's in the toilet.
Every morning I see you in my coffee,
billowing with the steam, and I pitch you
across the lawn. We're breaking up.
My cell phone keeps spewing four-letter words.
These days I scatter condoms like petals
across the bed and gather them back up
before nightfall. I can't unpack my mind
without finding dead mice
and strangers' thighs. I'm throwing words
like hands, against walls now instead of flesh.
This is sleeptalk apocalypse, burning photos
in the sink, flashing strangers looks
like knives, but in an hour I'll be better,
I'll strip down and join the mob.

Barefoot on the blacktop, pen in hand, I don't care
about the way the moon is wreathed in red gas
or how the clouds seem to avoid it—I'm here watching
only in hopes that you are, too, out on the quad
or on your roof, 1800 miles away, or just a phone call,
if I could bear twisting the knife any further.
But no, I know you're tasting loneliness too,
and hearing each other's disembodied voices
might make sorrow rise from this steady hum
into a scream—it might remind us that we're each
walking and breathing and living without the other.
I hate that we can do that. Here in the heavy dark
I'm listening to crickets and cicadas call
to their mates, God knows how far away. I'm wishing
I could call out loud enough for you to hear,
that maybe my voice could ricochet off the moon,
that red mirror of us all, and land at your feet, quiet
and self-assured, but no, there's no use pretending,
I am not strong enough to do something like that.

You've been living in the front of my skull
for weeks, using my brain as a bed
or a punching bag, depending on the day.
I've been haunting bars up and down Market,
trying to drown you in gin and Guinness,
but failing. I see you in every shop window,
in every empty frame, flashing grins meant
to console. There's no escaping
the dumb weight of regret—the flood
of what ifs that slouch out of my mouth
every night as I stare at the flaking walls.
I want to be there, Lily—let me be
the smoke you inhale so I can kiss
every inch of your throat, every crevice
in your lungs, so you can watch me billow
towards the smoglight and disperse.

When I think of you in the city
sidestepping oil spots and drunk men
hurling catcalls I want to burn
everything down—all the supermarkets,
all the frat houses, all the cafés
serving espresso and kale. I see a girl
drinking gasoline and gathering matches
to stow in her medicine cabinet.
I see streetlights smothering everyone
like box jellyfish scattering their tendrils,
tempting those who notice. I'm trying
to explain the ghost limb you left me
but I don't know how. Let me try again:
when I think of you in the city
throwing back a screwdriver on the 81
I can't stop rubbing at my eyes
until I smell the skin burn.
Your bouncing, steady gait:
it's what takes you away, out of every memory,
towards a place where not everything is a tragedy
and I'm not there to reach for your hand.

In this airplane I'm wondering what it would feel like to fall, to never taste another milkshake, to never again grip gravel between my toes, to never pour myself into the space between your lips the way light goes through clouds, or the way we will, if the pilot's heart or an engine explodes. In my backyard there are shards of glass from nights when the world burst apart, so when you're out gripping gravel, you're also tip-toeing through a minefield. Last week it rained three inches after a year-long drought, and the worms had a field day, dancing on the sidewalk, partying in the driveway, until one got ambitious and started climbing my porch steps. He was slithering up the cement like dew does up a freeway windshield, and I wanted to say, There's nothing for you here, friend, I wanted to carry him back down to safety, but instead I just sat and watched him struggle. And when I went out in the backyard later that evening, I purposely stepped on glass, because I could, and I didn't call to tell you any of this, because I couldn't.

I'm in the muggy strobe light of a Dublin pub
railing snuff off my left hand because two Swiss girls
told me to, chasing it with the only cider I can afford
when I realize if I ever make it home, the churches
will have tumbled, the palm trees will have burned,
and will she remember me after all these months apart?
Will she recognize the boy she drank like wine
beneath all these wrinkles and scars? The parks
will be gutted, the skyscrapers demolished, and I'll be ink
and booze carried by a new receptacle—one with fountains
where eyes, nose and mouth belong. You can't go home
because earthquakes shatter windows, waves crush
beach houses, knives usher friends to morticians,
and you watch your own body warp with the jetlag,
with every handshake and pint, so by the time
you return, you're a walking waterfall in a city
of paper mache. But will she remember me
when she brushes my face, her tissue hands dissolving
against the damp flesh—will she flee
when my footfalls soak through concrete,
when I'm a puddle she's learned to avoid?

I'm back from the dentist and the bottom half of my face
is just rubber stapled down—fleshy pulp that moves
but doesn't feel. When I speak I'm a four-year-old
and the drive back home was terrifying—not the thought
of a crash, but the thought of trying to explain myself
in blabber speech to an amused cop, or praying
over a dying stranger, making her leave this world
to a soundtrack of, I'm so sowwy, over and over.
I'm pretty confident I could bite off my lower lip
without feeling it, but I'm not brave enough to try.
I don't know what I'd do with it, anyway: put it in ice water
and drive to the ER, or just sit and hold it for a while?
The upside is that, for once, I can feel how my face feels
to others: the slant of my jaw, the push of my tongue
against my own arm. That must be how it felt for you, Lily.
I finally know how your fingers cruised through my beard
and over my lips. I wanted to call you up and tell you,
but I held off, afraid you wouldn't understand.
Whether or not I bite off my lip, at least I have this:
a pen, a page, your fingers brushing my chin
from five hundred miles away.

More and more I feel like the bits of tire left
in skid marks on the freeway where people crashed
and maybe died. Or the blood I rub off
my fingertips as I crush this mosquito
on my thigh. More than anything, I feel like
a bathroom trash bin full of fingernail clippings,
or the clippings themselves. If dust really is
mostly skin particles, I wonder how much of you
is left in my old room, Lily, on the now empty
bookshelves and floors. I know you feel the same:
like no one will ever notice the bits of your lip
left on theirs, or the eyelashes you leave in their suitcases
when they pack up and go. The ink left on margins
after a pen is tested out. The smoke lodged in hair.
The brain tissue killed with every swallow or puff,
and the memories that go along, and the memories
that remain.

And there was love in the lip balm, and the feathers,
and the waist-length hairs you left draped across my pillow,
like power lines downed by a tree. And I said terrible sad things
to you while you were asleep, and I repeated them later on
to the bathroom mirror, after you'd already brushed your teeth
and left. And there was love in the flasks of Fireball,
and in the toilet bowl's warmth right after you'd left it,
and there was love in the ants out back,
dragging stray pieces of glass away from their hills,
so carefully, so tenderly—I took notes on their movements,
wishing I could touch you in the same way. And you said
you'd never cried in your life, the morning after you sobbed
and left stains all over my mattress, the morning after
I said terrible sad things to you, thinking you were asleep.
And I fell into other women's beds, and I drank
their perfumes, but despite my best efforts, they all tasted
like you. And I drank myself into a coma. And you smoked
enough weed to kill a bull. And I scooped up all the remnants
and stray pieces of glass and built this bouquet of words
that will never be enough. And I tried again.

I. Do you see what I'm seeing, Lily? The bricks are tumbling from cracked tar beds and the ground is drowning in white. Faint laughs escape through barred windows into the night. Over the rooftops lights flicker from the mountain's ribs—I wonder who is out there, whether they're wondering about me. In my dream we climb the temple and you shove me from the spire. Now I'm sprawled on the blacktop, pushing through sheets of memories like clothes on a line. The crows hold up the evening, neon signs lure moths and men. With my knuckles barked and my cheek pressing concrete I'm remembering the way my lips glowed when last I kissed you. I wish I could put you in that car, tie your hands to the wheel, make you look back as I did, because I did, and the sky didn't rain fire, the earth didn't melt. The sun whispered dirges too faint to make out and I kicked the gas into the floor. There's a cold wind tonight—do you see it? It's coming for us, Lily. It's scattering us like salt.

II. You are tearing holes in my pockets, spitting in my beer; now I have to cut you out of every film and frame. It snowed again and the blue fields glisten—leaves and human hair tumble across the sheen. I held out my hand all night like a net but caught nothing. In my dream you tip-toe in from Los Angeles with a shovel and a glass, the glass full of nothing—nothing you can cup in your hands, nothing that collects behind your eyes. Now I am collecting everything, all this ice beneath a salt sheet, warm oil rebuking the road. One time over a couple 40s Wilbur told me I was a black hole, that I consumed everything within reach—he had half a beard and a bloodied eye. A hole cannot exist in a vacuum. It swallows to survive. Now I'm watching the treeline just to see what weapons you'll have chosen when you finally descend. You've caught me in a blackout, here in this miraculous pile of nothing, this pit dug out of a pit.

III. This is something you can't have: in my dream your tongue is still in my cheek, your panties in my hamper. From my basement apartment I catch the cries of bedsprings upstairs. The snow abides, silencing the grass, but the moon's stagger through the steeples proves you're still out there, chewing your nails, licking a joint. Is it cold where you are? Are you alone? Lately I've been crawling the walls at parties, my only friend the slow clap of plates in the sink. Don't make me remember—now that I have no one to repeat my sleeptalk I'm learning to do it myself. I thought I killed you in the rearview mirror but somehow you keep finding your way back. In my dream my father is reeling in a smallmouth bass, jerking the hook deeper into its lip, waist-deep in green flow. He tells me, Just don't hate her when she leaves. Outside the wind falls flat against sheets of cold slag. Lily, can't you see?

I keep finding myself loitering in the snow, watching strangers clink their glasses through the window's frosted face. In my Midwest apartment I am always scrolling through photos of friends in far places, remembering their tics, their catchphrases and perfumes. The song of skin on skin is always spliced with cold static. My tongue is too scared to speak. I lie in my driveway and watch jets saunter by and wonder if the woman I love is inside, sipping a Coke, adjusting her seat. I want to know why my voicemail won't stop coughing, why my bruises look like smiles. The graveyard is a nightclub, when viewed in the right light. A body is a bullet hole that can't be filled or sealed. Falling is a state of being. I am trying to break the glass.

Yes, I am frightened. I watch
couples who don't hold hands
and cringe before they kiss.
I hear expletives stuck in my walls.
I'm picking up condom wrappers
on the sidewalk when I remember
someday we'll all be dead. Swans
and penguins mate for life. So do
male widow spiders. We try, too.

The German girl at the booth to my right
was flashing sexy eyes my way, not seeing the tranquilizers
in my smile, and I wanted so badly
to take her back to my room
and let her fuck me, but instead I choked on my salad
and left alone. It's strange fighting insomnia
on a bed so clearly intended for sex—
honeymoon sex, affair sex, desperate marriage-saving sex—
and relying on my ashtray and empty coffee pot
to keep me company. On the way home
I passed six strip clubs and a sex shop
and I didn't know what to say, or whom to say it to,
so I didn't say anything at all. Now I'm on the roof
wringing my hands and watching a pair of flashlights
meander down the dock, one intrepid, the other nervous,
both burning with the desire to be doused.
What is this loneliness from strange cocktails
and hotel lights on the bay, or pop-ups
advertising sexy singles in your area? These predictable
erections and plaster mould ribs—
all these frightened people drifting out alone
with the wind and the water, the lime rinds and salt,
while cover bands croon ballads to crowds
immersed in their meals. In the restaurant
there was a bathtub full of lobsters. Their claws
had been torn off, so when the waiter came to grab them
they couldn't put up a fight.

falling into my date's drink and she's not noticing,
too busy seeking eye contact, pushing
her hair back with painted nails.
She takes a sip and as scalp tumbles down her throat
I feel my bones sing. There's something electric
about disappearing into another person's body,
like the teeth that rake your hand as you thrust it
into snow, or jolting awake after another
fifty story fall. At the party girls were dancing
like fireworks as guys poured shots
over their heads. I wanted to be
the alcohol, descending gracefully until
it settled beneath crazed heels. I wanted to be
anyone else, there in the lungs of it,
every footfall a reminder of where I'd been,
every crack in my voice an echo of someone
I'd once heard, but the lights came on, signaling
it was time to go, gather our belongings,
beg strangers to take us home. The train
sobbed in the distance, and a girl said,
Shut up already, tossing her bottle in that direction,
turning before the glass scattered like mice.

Bring in all the winos, the skid marks and soles, turn
all the crosses upside-down, scoop up the college kids and landlords,
shuffle them like tarot cards and toss them off the roof,
the night is too young for you to be clutching a toilet bowl
and laughing between heaves. Burn your wallet,
take no photos of Solo cups or the pigeons making love
on the patio, of the clots of hair stuck in the garbage disposal,
or even the fingers that will retrieve them.
Lose a couple lighters, gain a couple friends, live off McDoubles
and coffee for a week while tiptoeing down the coast. Fall asleep
on the road, don't notice as your tires hit the warning grooves
and growl, blast Wu-Tang Clan in cow towns
and make farmers shuffle their feet. Forget a girl's name
as you enter her bedroom and admit it.
Gather all the scam artists and hippies twisting leaves,
usher all the poets into a canyon and wait for the flood.

Whenever I see a plane cruising through the sky I jump in
and imagine looking downward at my house,
where I'm going, where I've been, what I'm running from,
who's chasing me. It's usually a girl whose tongue
I've accidentally bitten off, and she usually has needles
or knives, something sharp—never blunt, never as easy
and senseless as a hammer or brick, because
that's not how heartache works. I thought I was getting better
at amputations, but there's no such thing as a clean break
or a smooth getaway, which is why every attempt at escape
via flight ends in catastrophe: the man sitting next to you
has rabies, you fly into a cloud of ice,
your brain suddenly ingests itself, and still you try,
you practice pillow talk and sweet nothings, you go through
all the motions, knowing it will end, knowing someone
somewhere will have you placed on a bed of nails
and lay themselves on top of you, delicately,
stroking your face as they push and push.

Soft-spoken in the pharmacy as the girl behind the counter plays
with her hair and Johnny stands in his rags outside—
the whole place is generic Lexapro and coffee-stained tile,
white coats and lighter fluid smiles. I imagine taking the pharmacist home,
peeling off her socks with my teeth, tracing the sweat down her spine.
Her name is Annabel because I don't know anyone with that name. She likes
mimosas and walking through puddles, especially in the evening,
when lazy shades of night douse the sky. When I get home and take my pills,
the news is on and the top story is another body found in the lake.
The newscaster is pretty but I can't look at her.
She wears too much make-up, she clips her Rs and Gs, she has
all the right words but nothing new to say.

Near my father's house there were peacocks. They roamed
the forest and slept in the trees, their wings
unclipped, and I used to watch them the way a roach
might watch a moth. There were also dogs.
Last night in a dream I remembered how pathetic
the peacocks looked when the dogs
had finally caught them. Feathers in the foliage. Guts
in the street. I totaled my car a few years back
and for a while I couldn't stop imagining
my body cradled in bent metal had I not
worn my seatbelt, had the airbag failed.
I read that a fresh corpse has the same
number of atoms as it did the moment it died,
which bummed me out, because there's nothing
like a pile of mangled plume to get you thinking
about the way people will stare at you during
your wake, or the glance detectives will share
when they cut you from the ceiling and go home.
But we're not talking about atoms.
This is about the cradle you make
with your hands when they're drenched
in gasoline—clean because nothing can survive
those fumes, trembling because they've forgotten
how to strike a match. These houses made of paper,
these roads slick with tar—is this it for us?
Is this where we've been heading all along?

It starts with a knife fight in the bedroom, a dive
into the garbage disposal, the low glare
of ambulance lights against wet ground.
The night I lost you I was trying to breathe the dirt
in my driveway, my body a porcelain sculpture,
my mind a pile of mice. You know the feeling:
the nausea, the fear, the megaphone glued
to your ear, amplifying silence. It's 3am
and I have half a handle of vodka
with your name on it, but past that
I'm at a loss for what to say.
I'm always seeing you in puddles,
finding your clothes in my closet and trying them on.
But you had to know what grave
we were stepping into—you saw the signs,
the skid marks, the flames. I'm sorry I handed you
a switchblade, I'm sorry I handed you your keys, no,
I'm sorry I watched you drive through the guardrails
without telling you the brakes were cut.

In the Caribbean I learned from a book how to repel ghosts:
you pull your pockets inside-out and for some reason
that keeps them at bay. I tried it last night but they wouldn't stop
coming—ghosts plucking at my beard, ghosts sticking me with pins,
begging to be seen. I wonder if the technique works
on the Holy Ghost, but I doubt it. He'll be right there
with me, shambling into the chapel on Easter Sunday,
falling into my toilet as my day lurches out.
I've noticed lately I keep writing poems about a cruel God,
and just now, right as I was jotting this down, the voice
through my earbuds crooned, The bully always wins.
I want to be the bully, I want to suckerpunch kids
and decapitate all the stray cats, but instead I find myself
fishing for recyclables in my dumpster because Smokey's arthritis
is flaring up again. None of us will survive, I know that,
we'll all end up aimless ghosts, except God, who will just sit
and watch it pan out. Maybe he's lonely, maybe that's why
he opens sinkholes and sets mountains aflame, because
cruelty is just another way of begging to be seen.
My friend eats meat to assert his dominance, like, Ha ha,
stupid cow, you thought you were better than me. I break up
with anyone I've dated for longer than a month, maybe
with the same logic. Ghosts of past lovers
drag me out of bed every morning, guiding my hands
as I warm up the coffee and munch on toast, and then
when anybody else enters the kitchen, a roommate or a girl
I thought I'd left asleep, the ghosts slink off, giving me the finger,
muttering, I never knew you, I never knew.

On my friend's Baltimore balcony I was trying to kill
a cigarette in one hearty drag, and as the wind nudged me
towards the plummet, I thought, this is how
I want to die. But not now, not before I've skinned
my kneecaps in twelve more cities and fallen in love
half that many times. I spent an hour on the wharf
with a homeless man who told me his life story
over and over, each time giving his siblings
different names, and we took turns sipping
shitty coffee as I wondered how many more lives
he'd lived than I had. I'm picturing him now,
asleep in a church awning or over a ventilation shaft,
shivering in his jacket stuffed with Playboys
too faded to read. We're always
writing our own elegies. I just wonder
which of mine will stick. We take turns holding
each other together—quick, hold me close,
the staples in my sternum have warped.
Help me find my arms, I lost them
back on Aliceanna Street. Once I told a girl
she'd have to fill my lips fast, with a filter
or her tongue, or else I'd spill onto the concrete,
but instead of saying I was clever and kissing me
she flashed me a strange look and left
to flirt with the bartender. I caught a mosquito
on my arm and didn't kill it. I watched it
drink its fill and fly away.

Remove the bullet from my head,
slide it neatly back into the barrel
where it will feel more at home.
Do the same with the pills
and the ice cubes, mould them
back into shape in your palm
and pretend they never hit me,
pretend they never propelled me
over fences and through airports,
along terrible sidewalks and spines.
Let's walk backwards, let's build
cell phones that return all the words
they've stolen from us. Pull me out
of this party, away from the Tangueray
and Prestige. Set me with my back
facing home and give me a sharp push.
I'll make it through the barrel
of my doorway, the clip of my covers—
better yet, somebody call up God
and tell him, Ok, you win, people are cruel
and destroy whatever they touch, and maybe
he'll pull the atoms apart from inside of us,
and first there will be the word, and then.

One night in West Virginia, in a cabin in a blizzard
in a town of six hundred, I sat in bed alone
and listened to my neighbors having sex.
It was desperate and raw, and I couldn't bury my head
deep enough to drown it out. The pillows were cinderblocks
and the floor was the keel of a ship
rocking underfoot with waves of fuck.
I knew it was time for me to leave, time
for me to lace my boots and step outside,
to write goodbyes on the windows of every shop
with my tongue, so I did, and when I came to the place
where the road met the river, I threw rocks
and watched them skid across the ice. Dawn crept out
like fingers collecting the sky
and I wiped my hands in the snow. I didn't cry,
I didn't follow my tracks backwards into the cabin
like a man looking for his keys after a night at the bar.
Instead, I found a dark place to sit in the snow
and I waited for someone to pass.

And red wine is cunnilingus and cobblestone,
titanium white is public massages,
black coffee is chain smoking in Big Sur,
blue rags are knives at the bus stop.
Valium is eight dollars with a prescription,
like thirty-two gumballs or a movie ticket—
anything to drag me out of this house
where the walls peel like sunburn
and the floors are warped and slick. I have blood
on my shirt from the fight I broke up last night
in the middle of a party, all of us feeling like flies
stuck in the fridge. Green is my father's canoe
on the North Fork of the Shenandoah,
brown are my brother's eyes, the same
as my mother's, or those of the first girl
to break my teeth with her tongue.
Sometimes I find myself in a stranger's bed
wondering what language I'm speaking, how
I ended up wearing this skin
and learned to believe in a mean God—
one who lets the rain fall like piss on anthills.
Gray is my childhood home, or the diagnosis,
or the cure. White is a pile of unwashed sheets
and the girl still buried in them. I know
it's unattractive to break chairs and dance
when no one wants to move, but something cold
keeps pulling me towards the fray.
The palette is freezing. The technique is sound.

Maybe it takes a mirror. Maybe it takes shower fog
to recognize the snarl. There is blur at the bottom
of any evening—like last Sunday when I saw a man
smear his date's face with snow. I followed them
up Washington, through the park, as gray flakes fell
in folds. The man lit a cigarette, his face all wrinkled scorch,
and then he stormed away. His date paused, stumbled after him.
Maybe it takes a witness. Tonight I watched a cloud
of fruit flies descend on my kitchen trash. I raised them a toast
as my eyes dried into raisins, my fingernails cracked like glass.
My teeth mumbled prayers against the Iowa chill
and I heard yelling in the apartment next door but I didn't knock.
When everything is finished dying, when the flesh
has turned to soil, it takes the birds still gossiping on the fence posts
and the garbage men running their routes. The crunch
of loneliness echoes off book covers, prescription bottles, bare chests.
In bed with someone you don't love, wiping out wine stains
with a dirty sock, it's the words you catch slouching out
towards needy ears that rip the raw veins free.
Maybe it's an accident. Maybe it takes a detox stint,
or tar. Maybe it takes wrestling the memories you wear like cologne
and burying them in snow. Maybe it takes a lungful.
Maybe it takes it all.

My body's holding itself together like origami.
The young deacon's got his face in a book.
The gangbanger's snapping rounds
out of a cold clip, and the widower's wincing
as he sprays perfume in the kitchen
and tries to inhale the cloud.
We're all the same. It's a question of loss—
the wet black night slipping in through our windows
and filling our lungs with the names of lovers
we've left crying on the steps, or pets
we've forgotten to feed—the friends we've lost
on our way to something braver in the dark.

I'm on my back in the grass, watching jets slice the sky
like brushes on canvas, or razors on skin. Someone's singing
ballads across the park, but I can't make out the words.
A cloud the size of Iowa City swallows up the planes
and part of me wishes it would fall like a grand piano,
knocking us all deep into the earth. There are things I remember
and things I forget. I can't remember the last thing you said, Lily,
but it was probably something sweet, some inside joke neither of us
would find funny anymore. I remember the night we met, at a party—
I hit the lean hard, and, stumbling home, tried to befriend
some dogs through a fence. They mauled my hand and my sheets
are still covered in blood. It won't wash out. It never does.
I guess the end of winter means the beginning of something new,
but everything is always happening, anyway, so here we are now,
sipping coffee in Founders Park, here we are lying in bed,
talking Kerouac and doing our best Louis Armstrong impressions,
and here we are in ten years, trying hard to figure out
why we always reach through fences we know we shouldn't.
Last night I choked on Lithium and watched a special about giraffes—
their tongues, their necks they swing like clubs
when they fight. At the end of the show, a mother was defending
her child from a pride of lions, and she looked as if she might make it,
stomping a wall around the baby, but then she stomped her child
in the head. She stood there and then looked downward, slowly,
to see the mess she had made. And then she ran, her pitiful skull
swinging on its bean pole, her voice silent because giraffes
are silent creatures. We are not silent creatures. I wish
I could sing ballads, but all I can muster are these lines,
these desperate slashes across paper, like vapor trails behind planes,
or the scars we leave on each other's hands every time we embrace
and drift apart.

We put the clocks early an hour.
I moved to drink under the heater.
The helicopters mumble, muffled
over the branches, and I belong only
to the keys. But the pianist
lay the cover down, let
the bartalk rise. I’m too late.
The bottle of wine I caught
my dog kicking around outside
proved there are no new days.
These ashtrays and waning smiles
serve as evidence against embrace.
Now I’ll watch this couple
clad in matching flannel cutoffs,
clearly strangers enjoying their
accidental pairing, clearly trying
to read each other almost as hard
as I’m reading them. I wish
I could warn them of the ice
pick every vocal cord sheathes,
the snow a tongue holds back
when it’s deemed inappropriate
to cry. I’d like to say something
about the cavalry of baritones
marching their way outside,
the mezcal-doused raccoon
given free reign over the trash,
but the jazz is done at La Cuevita.
I’ve already said too much.

Everything that happens has
already happened. The coffee
you’ve burnt tasted like metal
before the bottom’s scald,
the man thrown down the
stairs has re-ascended after
his last fall.
      Back when I
had students who trusted me
(the second time, not the
first), I told them change
occurs in spirals—action
swoops back into itself,
slightly askew.
	           This time,
the opossum I befriended
in my backyard was young
and in California, far
from the mangy mother
and the young she hoisted
on her back in the snowfields
of last year.
      The doctors
in Mercy Hospital elected
to thread the catheter through
my jugular vein, but the new
ones in the Little Company
of Mercy wanted to lace it
through my thigh.
		    Opossums
secrete a tar-like substance
when threatened. The woman I
successfully left and therefore
failed to leave told me that, but
nothing I could find in the literature
confirmed.
	      My trusting students found
me one night, assaulting a jukebox,
cursing Denis Johnson for dying
before we could assault his old
jukebox together, and they began
punching it without asking
questions.
	    During my second
CT scan, the radiologist
advised it’s often helpful for
the patient to play dead. I
think the turn of phrase arrived
because I’d been bragging
about my pet opossum,
drugged, twirling invisible
spaghetti on my finger.
			Some
people like my father have
memories entirely reliant on
association. The smell of
cigar smoke or hot tar reminds
him of his grandfather, Coke
of baby teeth.
	          You can fall
in love with a memory like
you can fall down stairs—
limp and lifeless, or as if
doing a waltz.
	          Spirals
travel downward, riding
gravity, like the blood my
friend watched swarm the
drain the last time he
failed and therefore succeeded
at killing himself.
		   Drunk, I
delivered the same lecture to
the same students, kissed my
ex-lover in a new part of
town, stroked gnarled fur
with new skin on the same
fingers.	
I’m traveling downward
now, under floodlights long-
burned out. Conceptual emptiness
was cool to talk about back
before I knew my way around
these hospitals. Playing dead
is only acting out your exit pose.
Someday, in a place like this, both
my father and I will die. I know
all this.
Like I know that cutting
and tying a string doesn’t really
repair it; it leaves a knot.
			   Like
I know some plaid-clad kid may
someday read this poem and quote it
in a room made roofless by smoke
to impress his date. I wish them both
scar tissue— reminders of who
hurt them most, why
they love them still.

These birds, pull these birds out of me,
they’re saying my name in your voice.
In the nude photographs I can bury
but not forget, your kiss is a shotgun
full of salt. I heard a woman on the radio
with bourbon vocal cords croon,
There is nothing in the world more dangerous
than a defeated army headed home, but she was wrong.
The victors haven’t surrendered their arms. When I left,
I burned rubber for months. Did you know
you were building an aviary in my chest?
That I’d cough up beaks and bones
across so many state lines?
Now I’m licking cocaine off a stranger’s lip
and you’re gathering firewood in snow.
In the dark, bodies thrust indistinguishably.
So rip out all the phone lines, love,
pull these birds like teeth.
Do you have a new safe word? Or is it the same?
I’m remembering the first time I woke up
on our broken box frame alone. The cold drumstick
I hand-fed the opossum that morning, the way
my bones wept in 4/4 time with hers.
Darling, what you have heard is true. I’ve got
two good arms and a burning barn, inside which
I’ve locked peacocks in the rafters.
After you roosted these things in my ribcage,
I left you like palmed wet cement. I told you
I’d made up all those constellations, and you
couldn’t believe it, as if no one ever made love
to a CO2 leak, as if no one ever spoke clearly
and lied.

It's late and snowy by the lake
that means nothing to anyone
but you and me. Does are likely
nestling beneath the brush, drunken
winds wander treelines like fingers
through hair. Forgive me, I'm nostalging
again. Now I only touch your hair
through pixels, and it bites like
barbed wire snarling plastic.
Somewhere in America it's snowing, and
somewhere I'm still leaning in your
bathroom doorway, watching you
put on makeup in the nude.
My matchbook's instructions are clear:
Strike gently. I don't know what
that means. A fist can never kiss
a face, just like a face can never
hold itself in place against time's
quiet onslaught of snow.
I left you and filled your void
with fireworks, cocaine, and tar.
You made love to a cornfield
and tossed my name like an empty pen.
I used to carry you across streams,
used to worship your hips
as you sauntered through
orchestras of drunks to find my fist
and loosen it. Now the party's over.
The red cups lie on moonlit tables,
the leftovers sit in dark fridges.
I don't mean to suggest I still love you—
spring strikes every winter down.
I'm drunk and I dreamed of
kissing your back on our hill.
That’s all. There’s no more water
in the lake at Kent Park.

It's getting late. The birds are gone,
and with them, my friends. I lie
on a pile of napkins and cans and
pretend it's potpourri. I've been
hitting turns on the 110 too sharp,
anxious to feel my car slant
into wreck. Now the night is falling:
purple shades of ash. The parrots
that roost outside my window have perched
and closed their eyes. I'll burn these receipts
in my pocket. I'll lose her every evening
when she falls asleep uptown. I bought
this bed imagining her body filling its sheets,
spread like a crumpled wrapper yawning
on a table. I have a black eye
and dirt under my nails. Gravel in my hair
and a lexicon of loss. Los Angeles is
a bag of worms on a lit stovetop.
Los Angeles is a snare drum filled
with dry ice and sealed. Los Angeles is
a parade of bored dog catchers hosing
down their trucks.

She was an accidental smoke ring, and
I was a snarl carving zigzags through space.
She was Braille in a dark room, while
I was a kid who caught a firefly and
killed it in a jar. I think it's about time
we all got a little more honest. I write names
of faraway friends on my cigarettes
when I want them to feel my breath.
When a man threatened to cut my favorite
gas station attendant, I did nothing, too busy
contemplating why I had a favorite
gas station attendant. Today I pulled
my best friend out of his oxygen mask,
like I do every day. Why he still loves me,
I'll never know. Someday when he tries
to save me, I'll push him away, saying,
Christ almighty, can we get a little leniency
around here?

These days I'm always looking at photos
of myself in far places, waxing weepy
over whatever hope I held in that canyon,
that alley, that snowed-in pub. Why
do I do that? How can I remember times
I spent months fighting nausea without
gratitude for the birds that ushered me away?
Sometimes I think no one has ever really
figured out how to draw a self-portrait
without losing a tooth. More often
I sit on my balcony and listen to strangers
laughing, wonder what they're harboring
in their veins, whom they pray to when they
can't tell noon from night. How many people
have actually read a PBR can's label,
the whole label, the creepy cursive swerving
around the neck? Who has any idea why
retrospect glosses suffering like cement
buries prints? On occasion I hear fireworks
out back, from up 57th or 59th,
and for the life of me, I can't picture the faces
of the woman lighting the fuse, the man
inhaling the smoke.

Somewhere in Missoula there's a man
resetting his nose in a hotel mirror, and
somewhere in Iowa City there's a woman
sneaking Benadryl into her pug's bowl.
There's no moon in the sky tonight,
but there is one in a photograph
Scotch taped to a refrigerator full
of probiotics and ground beef. It's hard
to dance when there's no music and
you're falling from a balcony. I keep
catching myself longing for the cemetery
of hands I left, knowing it's still there,
things don't disappear. Somewhere a man
is sipping whiskey while clipping his nails,
and out there, somewhere, a woman
is wishing her memory weren't a set
of inscriptions, but sand, like the man's,
like the flat hum of tinnitus that just
reminds you it stole some sound's
rightful place.

felt more like a stage dive
at karaoke night onto empty floor
than falling into a pile of arms like
I'd hoped. They leveled the old theater
and smoke shop, let our old meadow
grow wild. I'm yelling timber at my heart
beneath flickering neon when I see
your 60-year-old doppelganger pass.
There is no other way to say it:
I'm not the man I made myself out to be.
Most nights devolve into 80-proof
ballads and me boring strangers with
tales of your brow, your gait,
the slant of your tongue on mine.
When I enter the room, I don't
brighten corners, I scatter
bone shards with which I garnish
these lines you wish I wouldn't write.
There is no other way to say this:
I will love you even when
I tell you I don't. I don't believe
memory and objectivity can
share a bed, I've already thrown
the dice too slack-hand, now you and I
will never be going home again.

She looks a lot like you
but I can't growl
at her the way I can
at your crazy haze
when I catch a glance
at the corner, your smirk
and saunter, your pussy my
goddamn redemption
and I'm not even embarrassed
to type that, I worshipped
the slant and sway of your body,
sweet woman, why did you
forge a dam between our love
and your strange self-cratering,
was it your history of measures
or mine of burning beds,
who destroyed the solace
we found in fucking Iowa,
of all places, I brought my
Los Angeles to battle
your New York, I trailed along
to your hometown to witness
your stomping grounds, your
home, but you don't know
the gutters in which I sleep,
and yes, I said gutters, you used to
make fun of that, you used to
make fun of the way I said,
an awful lot, you used to touch
my hair like it was made of steel.

A man and a woman are sitting at a table.
Both are drinking coffee and smiling.
The man is chewing tuna salad
she prepared, despite his distaste for tuna,
the woman is thinking of the moon's
faint grain through the screen. The dog
is killing a plush mallard on the couch.
He's oblivious to the ashes dusting his nape
from the man's cigarette. The Stones
gripe about something from speakers set
on the dresser, next to the mirror where
the woman likes to watch herself
be fucked. The man brushes his teeth
to spare her the taste of smoke. The woman
caresses his beard, his hair. Death's on the air.
Rabbits outside cry like newborns when
caught by cats. The woman didn't believe
the man when he first told her that, but
by now it's become a sort of inside joke. The same
as conspicuous shrieks in bed: first,
embarrassment, then reckless abandon,
then nostalgia. Now the man is veering
off a Los Angeles freeway into a horseshoe
curve. It's been a year. The woman
is thinking of how Stanford and the L
still reek of the man's morning scent.
The man is shambling out of a jazz bar
with paper cuts on his eyes. Both lovers
bask in the moon's fingernail blade,
its unending edge. The woman scours
the counters, throws gloom like clay. The dog
is mauling the same duck on the same couch.
I'm trying to get at the quiet ache
of absence against fingertips, heartfall
at the full moon, kindness in retrospect love,
hope you'll never see me again.

My roommates light incense and listen
to Miles Davis as I kick dirt outside
and gunshots clatter up the street.
I've never thanked my shadow or
apologized to the holes in my socks,
never asked permission before telling
a dubious truth. Midnight in Highland
Park and the novelty of delivering food
for tips in WeHo has worn thin.
Last week I brought tacos to
a pornstar I recognized and laughed
at the security guard's limp outside
her four-star hotel. I'm afraid
things have gone south. My dog has
an anxiety disorder and the woman
I love has held her breath for weeks.
God was once a clockmaker. Now
he's codeine in a flask.

Days I can't look at you,
hungry for the grit
of midnight mania,
sneaking out the back
of parties when we
were sailors flailing
in the doldrums, just
to watch our ripples
spread. I got off
the lithium, drove
west to confess:
I don't want to be
someone's daydream.
I want to kiss
under floodlights like
moths careening
over dust. Photos
cradle loneliness
like needles in
bubble wrap, safe
until you jostle
them just so.
I don't want to be
better. I want
to be snow. Sun
and smog only
nail me into the
board of our old
love, our old
dance, yawny at
the mouth of every
trash compactor,
every story they made
us believe was true.

Tin men don't dream,
we watch our reflections merge
into traffic and laugh at horns
serenading our swerves. We know liquor
like lovers know dial tones, bathing
in the bathroom's fogged light as
mosquitoes pummel the screen.
I live on a dead end in Highland Park
off a freeway built for carriages—no merge lanes,
just stop signs posted on the road's edge.
I've got friends in gray places
and on every body of water you can name.
Last night I listened to the couple
next door shatter the night's calm
with racial slurs, midnight, and then
the familiar rattle of spray paint cans
as the kids from up Fig tagged our fence,
again. I said nothing.
I'm the son of Siken, Bavitz, and Stanford,
and if you're on good terms with all three,
pull up a chair. I want you to tell me
who has hurt you the worst, and why
you love them still.

There's a small fire in an aluminum can
just doing its best, next to spray paint marching
down my concrete porch. I'm thinking
of the graffiti taggers I nearly killed
as they bolted over the 110, swaddled
in black—I was hitting the curve 20 miles
over the limit, bent on getting home to soak
in something other than smoke, and I don't know
why I slammed the horn after I'd passed.
They were gone, slipped over the guard rail, and
no one had seen them but me. Back home
the dog was snapping at mosquitoes with dirt
on his nose. I can't wear my favorite belt
because my ex-lover used to ask me
to tie it around her throat,  I can't dance
with the moon because she's seen me naked
and I'm embarrassed to wave hello.

Emily's dog Bernie can't spend an hour alone without crying. Give him a treat and he'll steal it away to his crate. Head upstairs for a piss and you'll find him waiting outside. I get drunk while my roommates work weird hours and I have conversations with Bernie—feed him anecdotes to teach him how to be alone. There's a power in loneliness, I say, but still I come home to shredded toilet paper, laundry torn and strewn. My girlfriend leaves me for the third time and my roommates leave town for a week. Emily pays me $100 to make sure Bernie doesn't die. Bernie tells me they're never coming back, that all we have is each other. I shred letters and upset the neighbors with my sleeptalk. I come home from $7 boilermakers at La Cuevita, anxious to tell Bernie about my day. Out back there's a fresh hole under the fence and someone has to fill it in.

Fish bones in my throat as I kiss
this stranger until she pulls away.
Three-legged hound ecstatic over
abandoned carne asada, full moon
making me weepy over those
I left to face the snow. Waiting
for someone to love you is not
so different from brushing your teeth
with a chainsaw. My luminous stranger
leaves me in the parking lot so I drive
out to Griffith Park to confide
in the abandoned steam engine,
the grim-lit driving range. I understand
ghosts, their suicide foxtrot when
you thought they'd gone to bed.
You can find me twisting my face
in the La Cuevita bathroom any night
I'm not doing something more
melodramatic, like making eyes at faucets,
Sharpie-ing the walls, throwing words
at the wind and waiting for some
lovelier set of sounds to return.

I'm not here to clip your wings, laugh
at your hampered escape. I've brought
whiskey and sunburn I won't share.
Strange nights under Silver Lake lamps,
botched pool breaks, ramshackle laughs.
I have not forgotten the temple your chest
became for me, heaving into
the tide of my departure, time's
croak as the snow beckoned
and took me away. That was love, enough
for two misanthropes afraid of glass elevators
and dogs, brimming boxes and closets empty
as balloons. I wanted my arms to be the airbag
to your jackknife. I wanted my love
to be feathers for the falling, but I am only
a weak man picking his stitches,
the Thirsty Crow, 2am. I'm now
more smoke than substance, trapped beneath
the umbrella of your laugh. It's been years
since your fingers blessed my back, sweet woman,
give me flowers, slashed tires, permission to die.

Highland Park is lonely for her heralds,
Figueroa a tendril of brake lights and trash.
Neon boasting The Coldest Beer in Town,
gutted phone booths looming like coffins.
My eyes keep placing you at bus stops
and under awnings filled with print—
they're all mourning some tragedy, some
act of violence in a country I can't pronounce.
I'm dodging calls from friends and ex-lovers
who want something. I've got nothing,
only holes in my pockets and crotch, cartilage
crunching when I blow my nose. I drove
deserts and mountains, spun out in Missoula,
lost my lighter in Queen Anne, told myself
stories of runts becoming alphas,
faces foxtrotting fists, but I've never been a good liar.
That much hasn't changed. I'm thinking
about peeling out, throwing LA into my rearview
without having touched you again, but my teeth
are too ground down, my tongue craves being craved.
Towers combtooth the horizon, peacocks roost
on telephone lines. Edward's tent atop the stairs
on 58th. His grin when he found a mattress that fit inside,
his absence when I find his tent knifed up in shreds.

Take me back to when the moon waned red,
dusted our lips as we basked in its light.
When manhunt choppers gave us glimpses of
flesh through my blinds, when we were not
inconsolable. Now we dream of IV drips
and dry ice mouths, we throw curses
at each other and cry. Lighter-singed arm hairs.
Echoes in our lungs. I can't touch my nose
without displacing the cartilage, and you
can't touch the ocean without drowning in
smoke. I'm so afraid we're ruined from the
drugs and strangers' tongues, screening calls
from friends and therapists, picking scabs to scar.
I can't gather you into my arms because you're
a walking pilot light and I'm the place
where mouths don't meet.

Heat lightning on the horizon,
skeletal oil rigs heaving breath.
Incriminating sleep talk forgiven without fuss,
fingers clutching fingers over beat-up theater seats.
These are the things I think of when God
isn't a Johnny Cash lookalike, black-clad crooner
sipping whiskey from a guitar hole, but rather
the taste of a lover's sweat, the color aquamarine.
Lot of loneliness in the cafe today: a couple
bickering over a wayward glance, a sparrow
who can't find the door. I'm thinking of friends
camped out in waiting rooms, dolphins hauled back
to sea, but most of all I'm thinking of that darkness,
the nothing of open mouths, freeway tunnels,
gaunt memories only summoned
by familiar strangers on the street.

I. Listen, we're going to burn down your garage, we're going to pitch quarters into tip jars just to watch them fall, ours is a game of Russian Roulette with a banana gun rigged with M-80s, the coffee can't come fast enough, the blow won't let us down, there is no other way to say this, in bed we're always revving engines fueled by everclear light, we take pride in the scars we've given to drywall, crisscross love notes mirrored on our hands, we don't want to hurt anyone, we just want a story wild enough to remember once the booze is gone, we shamble into the party and shake enough stray flakes to fill five pipes, we're braggadocio housed in body-shaped cages, we're going to keep living until we die.

II. The light outside my Missoula motel was mumbling something too soft to hear. Tonight marks my first fist to the face I didn't ask for—the blood is too much to bear. I re-set my nose through the whiskey but botched it bad. My reflection won't meet my eye. There is no other way to say this: I thought I could leave my friends and go it alone, but you take a dog from its pack and it'll find the closest bear trap, trampoline its trigger. The junkies next door tonight sympathized, passed me a flask, but I turned it down. Fell into bed alone, because tonight is just like any other night, moon making faces in the glass. I don't want to hurt anyone, I just want to hurt. How can I return like this, crooked nose, chipped tooth, how can I face the ones I love and laugh for fear of falling to the floor?

III. [We were supposed to be learning how to die]

The sun, the earth, and the animals, a kiss outside
a hotel, dirt in your eye, dirt on your new scarf,
trumpet buskers leaning on girders, flowers
along the highway, flowers on your desk,
whiskey and Robitussin, croissants and nails,
everything under the sun and above, all creatures
dead and alive, reunions with friends who don't recognize
you across the street, sweet nothings in pool halls
in the houses of your mind, letters and love notes,
blisters underheel, everything hurts in its own way,
everything sings when you teach it to die.

Sipping half a coffee on Thomas and Boren,
mid-day Seattle, tech monkeys for miles, and
have I become a caricature of myself yet?
Here without my criminal friends, there's nothing
dangerous about a mopey twenty-something
with his life packed in plastic bags half a block
away. No honor in wandering when wandering
is its own goal, no holy hand guiding when the bit
stops being cute. Glass panels stretching skyward
on all sides, wide arms supplicating, not drowning,
praying, no dying here. Some lady just passed me
with a bear dog and I have a feeling even he knows
where he's supposed to be going, where
he's supposed to have been.

The junkies next door to my motel room
are debating the definition of inertia.
I hear them under the door over train songs
from the east. Last night I chased Jaeger
with green tea in Murdo, SD because the concrete
workers told me that's the only way to drink.
One had hair longer than mine and a beard
like an archipelago of red. You can tell the recent miles
on a car by the carcasses on the hood. Crickets and monarchs,
bug parts in Pollock blur. I wish I'd never been born,
one junkie says next door, and his friends laugh.
One can whistle like a steam engine. Another sings
bad, but he can sing. Everywhere I go it rains.
My room has no windows and three deadbolts
in the swooping shapes of tusks.

He was a young man traveling west
from somewhere. No, he was a fist
with a face drawn on flying towards
a counter. Trivia night at Buster's,
liquored grins and a DJ with dice
for eyes. Identical quadruplets
tending bar, Minnesota accents
rising like dry ice fog. The young man
had his life packed in a dusty car parked
up the street, dress shirts, Zippo lighters, all of it
stuffed into plastic bags. The DJ was
different from the women he'd met—she
was unaffected, had birds ascending
from her scalp. The bartenders laughed
good, clean laughs, and the piano
would have been drinking had there been one.
The young man rubbed his eyes, cleared
his throat to say something to someone
but nothing came out. He found the patio.
Two cigarettes in, the bar's owner found him,
stumbled over like a drunk elephant. Her name
was Kathy. She wore ten rings and spoke
of humanity's end. We're humans,
she kept saying, We're humans, we're humans,
and as she began to cry, makeup filled
her crow's feet, stained the tile table.
The young man leaned back, unsteady,
too drunk to notice that what Kathy needed
was a hug, or a nod, some affirmation.
I don't know what the answer is, she said,
gesturing wildly to the guts of her bar.
This poem is for you, Kathy, wiping pint glasses
in Mankato, MN, calling cabs every night
for the girls you find praying to the porcelain god.
It's not much, not what I set out to write,
but God help me, it's all I had.

I want you to picture a cigarette lit in an airplane
lavatory, and the face its smoke carves
in the mirror, arched brow behind wisps
of hair. She's crying again and you can't
ask why. You can't lift your feet, bound by
concrete boots, you can't raise your voice past sigh.
Picture a piano in the airplane's belly, all boxed-up,
packed in piles of dead birds. No one will ever play
your song on it, no one even cares to ask
its name. Scattered through the first class
are the parts that make a man—spine, tongue,
lungs, it's all there. The parts sit patiently
as the blind doctors in economy bite their nails.
Now picture the chorus of arrows escorting the plane
like an Air Force envoy, each searching for the wound
in which it will fit. I hope you are nothing like me now,
lonely in my rubble of days, that you love black clouds
only for what's inside. We once raised toasts
to the lights that eked on through, perilous, grayed-out
by smog. Now picture our airplane mid-plummet.
Are you inside?

Sirens in the east, moving towards some tragedy, and
who would commit a murder under a moon like this?
Who would break anything, a window, a skull, knowing
she was watching from above? I have bronchitis
again—too many smokes and nights not knowing
what color socks you're wearing, whether
you remember my smell. Hours wheezing, wondering
what bad jokes I've been mumbling in my sleep.
Do dogs howl at the moon or to each other?
Did you know how much I love you is why
I wash my hands? Someday when I'm better
I'll read you a list of the things you became to me:
runway, poltergeist, mourning dove, splint, in hopes
you'll kiss my sternum, crack the same ribs as before.

Last night the house across from mine caught fire.
Smoke choked the street, the whole street,
giving us neighbors a screen behind which we could hide
our glee. Nothing as exciting as fifteen firefighters
and open flame ever occurs in this town,
no one weeps like the woman whose albums
and books have burned. I had the radiologist thread a tube
through my jugular to my belly to plug some veins,
burn them out. The hole in my neck healed,
the veins did not. I've spent years hanging photos
from lines and Roman candling them down.
Many a night like this, pilfering the cabinets
and waiting for my love to drag me back to bed.
I have no love. No kindness for my veins
or my neighbor, my reflection or yours.
This mess of memories is all I have, nothing without
what I have lost. After enough botched immolations,
color fades gray, tomatoes and balloons bow
to aluminum and ash. There is no one else
here tonight. That's fine. I never asked them to be.
I never gave my heart to the fireplace, never
danced in circles around its smoldered fist.

Black marks flower my walls where fists or palms
found footing, mid-fight or mid-fuck. Tonight
I'm watching my reflection weep, because somehow
it's crucial that someone play witness to his relapse.

You can have Manhattan, leave me Highland Park—pack up
and flee like the rest. In this coffee shop
a young man is explaining his fetish of power drills
to his flustered date. Listen: it's not funny, his flush
as he looks over his shoulder to make sure
I'm not eavesdropping. Who has loved him enough
to slide the drill's battery in while maintaining
a sexy smile, who has in all earnestness traced its trigger
like a clitoris? The moxie to lean over a cup
of lukewarm espresso and explain something so
fragile, to hold out one's hands to a hive, expecting honey.
You and I once swapped sips of coffee in these same chairs,
giggling, licking grains from each other's teeth.
I loved you. God, that past tense.
This burden of nights bathed in sweat, days lying naked
under a ceiling that never fell. One day we'll lock eyes
over some city crowd, traipsing 5th or Figueroa,
smile, shake hands, but I don't really believe that.
Sweet woman, please: bury me, burn me,
feed me ungodly amounts of liquid hate.
Leave me my city, only don't tell the others
anything you told me first.

4pm on the hospital roof and there's a dead fledgling, still warm. I don't know where it could have fallen from but it eyes me as I drag heavy, watch scalps cross the courtyard lawn. Another one on my folding chair back home, same squint, same spindly wings. Birds in my mailbox, birds in my bed. I catch mourning doves and pour them shots but they won't accept, won't tell me why. There's a fear so pungent you can taste it, like saline through an IV drip, sea breeze beating sinus. Morphine throws you through that breeze—they up the dose until you soar. I'm dyeing my beard black with a Sharpie when a cardinal perches on my ashtray, tells me anecdotes of needle slips, floods breaching vein walls. The cardinal talks recurrence and success rates, the price of coffee on every hospital floor. Clouds break, petrichor lifts. If I sound afraid, I am.

No one has ever loved me like the phlebotomist.
She takes me by the elbow, cradles my wrist,
slips the needle in deftly and with grace.
Tells me I make her job a breeze, If
everyone had veins like these, God would be
too kind. All I have to give is blood,
some change for Shane on his curb, mercy
for the June bug I find on my mattress.
I have my grandfather's veins—bulgy,
desperate to meet the air. They congregate
and conspire. Cut my heart's supply, like bombs
laced into railroad tracks. I have prayed
to pills and pilsners, the refuse of expired loves,
their scrawled letters, voicemails like tired ghosts.
Dear phlebotomist, I don't believe in your God.
I don't believe in your love either. I'm going
to pay someone to plug these veins with coiled steel,
cut the flow, scrawl a prescription for something
to quell the ache, I don't know, Vicodin,
amnesia, something merciful like that.

They gave me fancy words and pills
that stuck like Velcro in the throat.
I signed a contract promising to follow
my friend down the well. When the lights
went out at Wal-Mart, for a moment
we were not all hideous, and then we were.
My brother let them take a peek inside his ribs
when I lacked the resolve. In a vacuum,
sound swallows itself, vibration succumbs
to stasis, because you can't drown
in nothing. You can only fight release.
When I really lose my mind, I hope
someone tells me, but I didn't
when my friend started seeing cameras
hidden in streetlamps, diamonds in the well,
I didn't tell him, just handed him another beer.

Come back home, ghost, she's gone and you
don't have to be afraid anymore, my hands
are no longer clipped wings, the oven isn't
full of pillows, come back home, I need
your absence against my cheek, your buzz song
from the walls, ghost, you and I used to laugh
at the rabbits outside our window, how they fled
from sudden screams, we used to undress ourselves
to stick-and-poke apologies, our boneyard of a sky,
I think I've lost the part of my mind that told me
when to sigh and when to gasp, the little man
behind my eyes has doused his porch light,
come back home now, ghost, don't tell me
of tenements or itineraries, death and her
dance parties, spiked punch, piñatas filled
with nails, last night I drank again
like we used to, ghost, chasing blackout
like smoke chases sky, I scared her away,
come back home, ghost, take my lungs,
my liver, I don't want them anymore.

There's mercury in the punch bowl
crickets in our shoes
everybody's singing along quietly
to apocalyptic trance
while I'm mostly worried
about my missing book
of matches // I can't dance
worth shit but my partner
is trained in salsa and
tongue wrestling so maybe
I'll ride out the night
okay // you probably don't
pin ghosts against your
box spring like I do
you probably don't see
yourself as a dog
doused in sedatives //
maybe we can break
something solid tonight
you and I our hands
and wrists interchangeable
our eyes on each other's
flagrant body // this chorus
of please yes // this democracy
of no

You've seen me dance
jagged foxtrot
you described it
I'm trying my best
not to picture
your mouth against
my ear darling
it's been years
this beer sweat
these tremors
waking early to
your groggy eyes
I would worship
the plaque on
your teeth and
bless your lips
all chapped-up
post-party we
can't keep this
retrospect love
suspended over
telephone poles
and screens or
you and I will
end up like
those kids on
milk cartons
listen I mean
never aging
always smiling
from the other
sides of graves.

In June of 2015 I stuffed everything I owned into plastic bags and left my lover curbside. The sky's frenzy looked like an electric ribcage, my face felt ready to break. I gathered napkins and split ends, bobby pins and razors, anything that had once grazed her skin, and I buried it in a haze of vodka and miles. It was not my intention to make such a spectacle of our separation. I did not become the portrait I promised I would. After months of lonely, I finally fell in with a luminous woman, before I fell apart. I cut my teeth on driveways and departure dates, autophobia incarnate, found myself making faces and yelling at clouds. And if you want to know the truth, none of this matters, I watched myself pull off that curb and have been wandering dreamstates since. Holy shit I love you, holy shit how do I stop. I fell and fell before I checked myself, knocked on that door we both know not to enter, courting the things we want to feel least, and if I know anything, it's that the human heart is a wasp that feeds whether it's fed or not. Hello darkness, my name is Jackson Burgess. I have said what I came here to say. This brand of self-immolation is only cute and funny until I end up breathing dirt, it's only worth doing if it gets me closer to myself, closer to her, closer to closing the storm gates and putting these thoughts to sleep. This is how a memory dies (it doesn't), and I'm not all right boys, Goddamn, tell me what am I supposed to do with all this now?

When I tell my class to write a poem about nothing, I hope someone will turn in a blank page, but instead I get descriptions of empty beds, open mouths, the quiet between birdcall and response. I draw a hole on the blackboard, give my tired spiel about its ontology, the hole's reliance on dirt. Noon arrives. We all go home. My therapist tells me my face looks normal today. I say nothing's wrong. Two colonies of ants wage war over the crack beside my dumpster for three days before the rain sweeps them aside. I dream of my ex-lover on another man's arm, and there's nothing I can give her, so I say nothing. Nothing pushes her away. A pink moon sings over streetlamps and steeples and no one hears her, so she slinks back into the clouds. Diesel runs in rainbows at the largest truck stop in the country, craving drainage, water it can repulse. I tell strangers in bars there's nothing sexy about desperate bravado, and I break bottles to prove my point. They laugh, leave. We all go home. At the end of everything, I'm a vestige making music out of nothing, and I know I look like an exit wound from where you stand, but even silence makes a sort of sound. I worship nothing, gather it into my lungs. My fingers flee my hands. My heart is a photocopied fist. Photocopied laughter.

Not sure why I released the hounds,
left the oven on, swallowed the keys.
Still kicking myself sideways over
the pool balls I let clutter my heart,
confused over whom I'm meant to meet
here in this slouching dive bar, whom
I'm supposed to kiss, tell lies, ask
forgiveness. For the moment I'll continue
locking eyes with strangers who may
or may not look like bottle caps, pillows,
graveyards wreathed in steam. Tonight
I'll embrace any specter who creeps in
through my moth holed memory,
giddy burnout that I am, bartalk romantic,
I've had enough drinks to recognize
my own presumptions, I'm a blown-out speaker
in a sandstorm facing flood.

I guess I ought to be honest, tell you
I don't know why we're talking, how
the sky grew knuckles and claws. I get
no kick from your anecdotal champagne,
your attempts at humor have me
crumbling like tin foil in my head.
Nobody's pleased here. Nobody's aiming
to please. I have populated this place
with pallbearers, doused myself in streetlamp
enough to exhale light. I guess
I was hoping we could have a slow dance,
make some pancakes together, I don't know,
siphon some diesel, snap the ribs of
my box frame. Take it from the guy
who's got jackals for teeth: there is
an impressive pyre of bad men who have
brought us together. It's getting late, and
I'll probably just mess you up somehow anyway.

Oh hell, here I go again,
white-knuckling in a coffee shop
with half a croissant triumphant
in its wax paper wrap.

And I don't smile at pretty girls
anymore, even when they smile first.

Sweetheart, there's something
I've wanted to tell you.
My dangerous friend has been
sending me the same photo of
a finger pistol every day
and I think the joke is
when I stop receiving them
he's dead. He's a bad
punch line, and you're a vagrant
I always want to kiss. You don't
know my apartment code
or where I hide my key,
but if you needed somewhere warm
to sleep, I'd tell you. Lately I've been
forgetting street names and blacking in
on bridges, on rooftops. My friend
got drunk and cut the brakes on his bike
because a guy in his favorite show did that—
taped it black, ran through reds.
We're both just doing bits.
I populated this place with pallbearers
and spat in all their mouths,
doused myself in every sin: presumption,
oblivion, hate. Sometimes I think
if I were to be cradled by a fender, that
would be all right. But that scares me, like
high falls, or when you used to talk about pills,
so let's play a game called today
we are not inconsolable. What do we keep
on our imaginary coffee table?
Have we named our house plants? I guess
I was hoping we could have a slow dance,
you and I, make some pancakes,
strip and break my box frame. But
at the end of every evening, I find this same
finger pistol in my pocket, ask myself if maybe
I am your dangerous friend. Sweetheart, are you
anything like me? Are you afraid of me now?

There is a dip in the road outside my apartment.
I like to sit and watch cars' undersides get gutted
because if you don't know to slow down,
you always scrape out. It's not the road that does
the damage, though—it's the driver hitting the gas.
Leaning into the violence: that's where the hurt
finds form. Drunk drivers survive their crashes
because their bodies don't fight back. I read
about a man who got sucked into a tornado
and lived because a slab of concrete knocked him
unconscious straightaway. His body didn't fight,
just accepted the blows. My friend Youssef told me
proper tornado defense is getting in the tub
and laying your mattress overhead.
His ex-girl did that in Tuscaloosa and survived
when the storm took everything away.
She said it struck with perfect whimsy:
one kitchen cabinet gutted, the other left untouched,
all its bowls and wine glasses pristine. When I first came to
this place I thought there was a beauty in resistance, that
accepting the blows signified some weakness,
some lack of resolve. So I looked at photographs,
carried mementos, imagined my ex-lover's face
in place of the strangers' I found in my bed.
I drank to remember and drank to forget. Found
myself blackout in the alley behind Mercy with her name
sliced into my palm. Listen when I tell you
something I needed to be told: there is nothing beautiful
about surviving eschaton and watching highlight reels
to reminisce. God's the saddest guy in the bar because
he remembers what every key on his fob
has locked. Last week I spun out on I-80 mid-storm
and waited for the glass to shred my cheek.
I don't know why the semis spared me—
I'd cranked the wheel left like a dumbass. Evidently
I haven't learned anything at all. It is work
to carry a head full of maggots and not feed them
table scraps, to think of the one you love
loving someone else and not kick the gas pedal
straight into a storm. I am trying my best here to say
something that is true, but Christ almighty,
these fucking photographs, the gears that gut my heart.
	

Do you feel blame? How are those veins
holding up? Do you wish you had better
control over the cans lining your bedside?
What happens to an undiscovered corpse?
What do you do with the loneliness that creeps
when you're rolling spliffs in a concert crowd?
Does it get better? Do the tremors fade?
Does she still think of you when someone
else puts his tongue in her mouth? Are you
the man she once thought you were? Are you
okay? Are you unbreakable? Are you secure?
How many drunkards does it take to screw
a gorgeous woman in a memory book?
How many resets does one receive
before they're dismissed as undesirable?
What's the point? What's the destination?
What's the cost of a pack of Newports
versus a pack of Reds? Do you still cry
over her perfume when it hits you
in a stranger's bed? Are you strong?
Are you older now, very mature? Why
do these hemorrhaged thoughts still clog
your mindscape? Aren't you over this?
Aren't you the man you once promised her
you were, the man she loved like rain?
The tendrils of tears or beer trickling
down the drain won't save you any more
than the sunrise will clear away the blood.

My neighbor cries the same cry
as a dial tone late at night
when only the rabbits and I
can hear. You and me, we fill these
sleeves and sip our tepid Folgers, trusting
our goals to keep death chomping its bit.
We read, eat, sleep, drink, repeat.
I've written that somewhere before.
I don't want you to be afraid, darling,
I only want to kiss your earlobe again.
The professor whose eyes look like
the end credits of a movie drinks
Guinness and tap water in the same bars
as me. He starts every conversation
the same: How's life? Life's the same.
When the rabbits outside are caught
by cats or snares, they always wail
the same. I thought the first one
was an infant, but later I read
that's a common mistake. I hope
you'll forgive me but I still remember
the scent of your scalp in the morning.
Most days I wake up alone, have a smoke,
wave at my neighbor, crave
some kind of closure, I don't know,
a cement truck, a toaster, something
like that. And we live like this, with
our delusions of proximity, nights
pulsing with our drugs of choice.
I'm still tracing your shadow in chalk
on the sidewalks of my mind.
This isn't working, you're always leaving
and I'm always begging you not to come back.

I'd like to say I found my face
but the best I've got is a pack
of smokes and a cute waitress
who won't remember my name.
In this diner my coffee swallows
the ice cubes I drop in, like
baby teeth in snow. Outside
the afternoon is happening and all
my friends are happening with it,
chewing their fingernails, sipping
their tea. I want to hurry home
to hands that fit my hands, eyes
laced with something more than pity,
less than contempt. But I guess
I always knew I'd end up mashing this steak
with this fork at this booth. I can just go ahead
and toss out my rearview mirror.
I was never going anywhere but here.

And this is the trash can we filled with hydrogen peroxide,
this is the skunk that ruined my jeans. This is the knife
Tom kept waving around, the nick he took out of
my thumb three days before he lost himself, when we
were still giggly, margarita mad. This is the bobby pin
I keep in my wallet though Lily probably doesn't wear
bobby pins anymore. This is the way I rub my eyes
when I'm anxious and this is the look I get from friends
who don't know me well enough to ask what's wrong.
This is the tremor I catch in the diner next to
this old man whose hands somehow shake more
gracefully than mine. This is the hotel where Jack
lost himself in a flurry of laced coke and conspiracies,
thrown playoff games, Pepe Silvia. These are bad
first dates in rotating dive bars because I can't remember
how to convince strangers to take me to bed.
These are the months flattened by booze
when I still believed hope was the thing with teeth
you keep locked in the medicine cabinet. These are the days
I broke things just to revel in my inability to put them back
together, like bones, like people, because I lost myself
for a minute there, I threw out my back just for a glance
at my reflection, I've got to find me somewhere in this
blacktop cacophony, I guess I don't love you anymore.

Really, I just want to know
if they re-use these coasters,
what happens to the gum I swallow,
why I left home just to drink
the same tall boys I have sitting
in my fridge. I don't want to see
Lily swaying ragtime, Lily kissing
some man I may or may not know,
and I don't want to see what happens
if I start making eyes at the woman
grinding on the popcorn machine.
The bartender knows how to flip
coasters like I used to know how
to flip first dates into lovely flings,
but these days all we do is think
about dying. I can rub my eyes
until I'm all raccoon, flirt shameless
with strangers, lay my tongue against
foreign flesh and grimace with thoughts
of her sweet graze. Doesn't matter.
Five dollar minimum, one more drink,
one more night ogling memories
like pole-bound dancers, or headlights
playing box cutter to the dark.

I'm afraid there's no good way
to become dirt. You can choose
to carry a pistol or perfume
and the bus will still cost you
two twenty-five, the rain will still
fuck up your hair. Stranger,
I will be the bad thing
that happens to you, but if
not me, it'll be the man
fingering his pocket lint, the dog
gnawing its leash. Strange how
easily we chew and swallow food
while in some distant country
a kid's belly's a balloon.
You can empathize with beggars
or the ants you find in the sink.
It's your call. Your fingers itching
to slide between cotton and skin—
whose, you're not sure, but there is
someone out there who's perfect
for you and that someone is probably
dead. Nothing is something because
we've given it a name, the space we cut
between beds and bathrooms doesn't give
two shits how many words we know, and
please oh please let me come over tonight,
I promise I'll sleep on the floor.

I need, I need, I watch my hands struggle
to maneuver a spoon. These days
I've been locking eyes with strangers,
like maybe that'll bring me back
into my body, but so far it's a bust.
I'm always my own audience,
in class feigning knowledge or in bed,
fingers in hair. I shamble and sneer,
all my jokes are cries for help, and hey,
what are we going to do now that
everything in our refrigerators tastes
the same? What's the game plan
with all these bendy straws and bongs?
This is only a phase, an inside joke
I'm laughing at, pretending to understand.

I'd like to marry you and find a cave
to lure strangers into and eat, just live
like that, terrorizing the countryside, and
if that's not love, I don't know what is.
I want to wake up and share a cigarette—
won't even feel gross about the spit
you leave on the filter, and I'll master
keeping egg yolks runny the way you like.
I know most days I look like I got hit
by a bus, raccoon eyes, bleeding gums,
but I clean up pretty good, I promise,
and I just wanted you to know
I can't remember the taste of your sweat,
it's been that long since we saw each other
naked in lamplight, and tell me, darling,
how am I supposed to feel about that?

It was newly 2017, shirt pulled over his head,
sobbing under neon on Sunset and Sutherland.
Cold sweats and panic, the tolerance of a teen
now two days off the blow. She didn't love him,
she never would, he'd die alone and unfamous,
that's how he said it, alone and unfamous,
as if pure bliss were something he'd been robbed of,
which I guess was true—I'd seen him giddy, dancing
not a week before, in Big Bear, on that lake
that had dried to crust. How our cabin burned
against the darkening sky, how we laughed
along with the radiator. But this is not a poem
about good times with friends—it's about crying
in an alley, knowing that the one you love
is fucking someone else five miles away,
the gray ache of looking out of a face
that was never meant to be your face
after days of druggy blur. That evening
I held my friend like he was a bag of dust
trying its best to blow away, while cops
skulked curbside, the bouncer leered, party people catcalled.
Burnouts both, bohemian nobodies, we were quiet
now that the Muse had stepped aside to make room
for Death and her chemical breath, all that winter light
spiking off the puddles at our feet.
I wanted to write a poem about the moment
you know you're going to die but your friend
saves you at the last second, all dumb grins and hope,
but I've only ended up with an elegy
for the lives we never led. I keep having
to remind myself what Charlie said:
Instead of sobbing, you write sentences.
We're all doing our best.

I'm sorry boys, I lost my head—must've stumbled over
one too many turnstiles, barked my knuckles past
the point of clean heal. The last time I said anything true
was in an Albuquerque Super 8 and the only person
listening was getting paid to check me in. And yes,
I caught those planes, flushed those drugs, listened for the howl
of hunted things we once threw down Sunset, but heard nothing.
Incredible, two years of exile and I'm still an asshole.
I expected to glean some sagely wisdom
from the rest stops and ferries, pool halls and drive-throughs,
but here I am, prowling these same streets, wondering
who's going to take me to bed. Fucks me up pretty good,
knowing there's no one new to ruin. I have no name
for the sound a cigarette makes when it flares the ends
of your hair, but the sound I make when I think of friends
and bathtubs is somewhere mid-sigh and sob.
I'm still getting used to the jawscape of a city
without the comfort of handy gauze. I talk and talk
about starting fresh but we all know the jig is up.
Time's a hot bullet. We keep our photos in frames.
It's snowing and I'm weepy. I just won't go outside today.

I watched that damn trash bag flutter
for half an hour, caught in the dust devil
outside my kitchen window, and when it finally
got tangled in the screen, I didn't pull it loose.

And God almighty, there's so much that I don't know:
how to cook a pot roast, when to take a woman's hand.
What's it's like to watch my heart flicker on a screen,
how to turn down a round of drinks. I don't know love
without an itinerary, hate without an amp. It's February
and the snow never lasts longer than a couple days.
I've been meaning to paint more, cough less, evade the Post-Its
and dog hair I keep finding in her wake. More Vitamin C, less weed,
no more choking on my coffee every time I call a friend
and hear they're doing fine. I feel like the one Christmas light
that blew out right before the party. I feel like if I don't
get my shit together fast I'll see myself on the news. I hope soon
locking lips with strangers will sound like fun, better than waking up
to an axe in my head and chainsmoking cigarettes I can't afford.
I wish I could get sick and blame it on someone specific
because at least then I could aim all this anger somewhere
other than the imprint in my sheets, my dryer's steady churn.

It's embarrassing how often I lose
against gravity, how many times
I leap only to return to earth. I've been
thinking on the miles between
my fingertips and yours and watching
the horizon for a sign, some
green flash, some fleet of clouds
marching like wind-up soldiers,
but again and again I end up
picking at my stitches, ladling
bathwater in foul streams.
First the skies turned to snow,
then the snow turned to dirty rain,
and the miles in my sneakers
grew too heavy to lug, so I wrote
you a dozen letters, only to watch
them drift into the tub, pulp
imposed on apologies, your name
and mine melding in this bowl
of skin and suds. I'm running out
of ways to say this:
please don't leave me here alone.

I can tell by the shake in my hands, you've relapsed and you're laugh-sobbing to a soundtrack of choppers and rain. And yes, I'm still a sucker for stockings and gloves, I still chainsmoke on the peripheries, even without you here, and yes, you've still got a grip on my frontal lobe, you're still stubbornly clutching wasp nests, but I'll be damned if this time I don't watch from afar. In my dream you were dancing on a table, and the table was loaded with orchids, all snug in slim vases, and you wouldn't rest until you'd knocked every flower free. But your bad knee gave out, your plummet took a year, and still I didn't catch you, I bumped the music to drown your crash.

You and I, we move among pillars
of sage smoke and sky, we carves
form out of absence and pretend
the horizon is more gateway
and less closed door, in deserts
with sand traps and brush,
we blow kisses to invisible lovers
navigating the clouds, we know
shadows hold their own weight,
we understand the sun's crush,
so we fumigate our lungs
and hide in folds of feral blank.

I feel like I wouldn't like me now
if I crossed my path in an alley
or accidentally swiped my drink—
if I dug myself out of the cushions
like a quarter or a lost house key,
I'd probably grimace and put me back.
And more than that, I feel like you
must have known you'd cut ties
at some point, self-ingest in a pile
of pillows and hair, swallow my quarters,
chuck my house key into the fountain
we once toasted to in our 4am
hysterics—do you remember?
We knocked holes in those walls, crashed
in bushes, in dumpster beds, we saw
the red wings of the world and laughed,
fists up, Fuck them all, and there
was some peace in the trash fire,
some truth in the take-out and spliffs,
and I still smoke Reds because we agreed to,
that way we could bum each other one
if the other was in a pinch—do you remember
when things were simple like that, when we loved
each other like some people long to die?

No more missing metros, no more rolling over
and kissing your collarbone, no more champagne rain
or strawberries, spit shared in bedrooms
on the outskirts of parties, no more watching movies
where the streetlights sing, where the hero
always wins, no more ticking miles and rehearsing
jokes to come off as fun and clever
when I get back home, no more leg stubble
or sweat sheets, no more skinny dipping in lakes,
no more chainsaws or their sawdust snarls, no more poems
about graveyards or hands, no more thinking about
you crying, because to think of you crying
feels like knowing the moon will never bloom
over a meadow again, and I've been kicking myself
awake at night when the jackals in my mind
assemble, I wanted to say something about how
your face was a city too light-laced to be real,
all those gleaming windows, breakneck streaming beams,
but no one ever says what they want to,
when they say I love you, they mean don't leave.

Is he drunk on the moon, or is it
the moon he's been drinking, do sparks
still catch his arm hair, are there
friends in the bottom of my Pabst?
In five years, when I'm sitting
across from a friend in need, I'll
remember this moment, these candles,
these empty stools, Waits grinding
overhead, and I'll recall some granule
of truth, some perfect knowledge
of solitude I'm too down and out now
to grasp. There's a bottle
in a birdcage over the bar and I can't
read the label. It's probably better
this way. I dropped my lucky pen
in my beer and now it's hardly working.
The symbolism is not lost on me
and I'm not too embarrassed to catch it
in verse. My few friends in town
are shuffling to bluegrass a mile away,
but the snow is a wood grinder, the street
is a pit, my mind's a box of knives.
This is what I sound like alive.

So once again I'm plucking the lint
from your old jacket, kicking back
the dregs from your flask. I keep
expecting one of these calls
to be you, but it's always Telecom,
Greenpeace, discount Tupperware.
On the last night I saw you
you were mumbling blackout
on a La-Z-Boy in a part of town
I'd never been, but somehow still
didn't regret leaving you. I regret
it now, but since then
the mirrors are all empty, the walls
conceal studs, the only solace
I find in bottles is watching them
sail skyward. I'd like you to know
everyone still asks about you, as if
I'm the authority, but nowadays
I just shrug and demur, stuff
my hand into your sleeve, hoping
maybe it'll come out yours.

4am on another Monday
and naturally I'm reading
about war crimes, gas masks
on their grayscale stage, lives
deemed not worth life, knives
and lab coats, because the SUV
across the street grew a face
during my last smoke break
and looked like it was about
to say something frightening.
I've been having that waking
dream again where roadways
drift slantward and render
vanishing points into walls,
the gas pedal welcomes
my weight, so I don't drive at night
these days, I just walk.
Me and Jack are talking again,
which is progress from before
when I'd assumed his silence
was the suicide note
he'd never let hit paper,
but we only do it now
in Radiohead lyrics,
blackout drunk, or
pretending to be.
I think the SUV wanted
to tell me something statistical
regarding hemophilia
and success rates in that rasp
I catch sometimes when sleeptalk
kicks my ass, but tonight
I can't handle cold facts
any better than my booze—
I'm so bent on ego
and my delusions of control
(Mars Black and Titanium White
make my favorite gray,
Lithium Carbonate
and three dollar cab
make a life worth life) that
I can't imagine a world
without me here breathing
its air, toeing its lines,
because that world
would likely be fine.
Maybe tonight the Dog Man
will return, kick off his boots,
talk about circuitry
at my bedside
like he did last week
in Denver when I awoke
to my hotel door ajar,
his fist of a snout, maybe
he'll know how to burn
out a nerve ending
without summoning thoughts
of myxomatosis, rabbits
in headlights, tonight
I want to believe
the Dog Man is going
to help me retrieve
my tongue from its tunnel,
together we'll smoke out
the bats in my attic,
Molotov the steeples.
Now I know how to burn
rubber and not wince,
I've learned to render
vanishing points into pills,
and Jack, if you're listening,
I hope I come through
loud and clear, this
desperate flat crackle,
these lonely croons,
this is what you get
when you mess around
with knives in a hot tub
and don't finish the job.

I kick the dog in my dream and wake up
to no dog, I carve my initials
in an old dead tree, and though the tree
is wreathed in leaves, the leaves
are really toilet paper, the ice
throws me down the hill
outside my apartment, to the bottom
of another hill, one with grass
that won't freeze sheet-solid,
Goddamn that drip won't go down
with the coffee or smog, my friend says
she's got a bobcat in her bed
but she won't let me near him,
she's going to wait it out in the tub,
my brother says he's figured out
how exactly the world is flat,
there are no hills to get thrown down,
my ex-girlfriend says nothing, nothing
at all, I soak my feet in turpentine
and leave tracks for no one to follow,
I toss a chair through a window, stomp
on orange plastic bottles, make a scene,
this barista winks as she passes me
my fishbowl mug, I fry my eggs
in bacon grease, drive in circles
around the bottom of the hill, I know
there's love somehow draped
in all this toilet paper, its cursive sprawl,
there's always love, it never
really stops, does it?

Everyone in this city is twisting their face, wanting
to be liked, laughing, tripping over the food trucks,
everyone is kissing, why is everyone kissing?
They're caught up in the mechanized crazy of snowdrifts
and their cursive run-off, scriptures crawling
sidewalks. Everyone is sensing the clouds'
release of the moon, but no one is coming out
to watch. I'm grinning at this teenage girl
as she dances in the bar aisle for her date, a suit
at least three times her age, and she
grins back, she looks like she's having fun, though
I can't help but think of Katrina and that company
that paid her hundreds to get dinner with men
who preferred mirrors to windows, Velcro to stitch.
Tonight I want to take a knee to the blind beggar
outside the bar, the one who's singing Sweet Caroline,
the whole thing—he's shaking his cup in time,
he's got something heavy going on in his heart
that I'd give an arm and a leg to hold, just once,
and I'll shake my fist at any cool, calm pond, which is run-off,
which is waste, which is only the end of the evening
when we all wander back to unfamiliar beds.

I came back to Los Angeles
with a pocket full of photos and a pocket full of glass,
eyes brimming with ginger ale I'd hoped would mix well
with whatever they were drinking these days,
but I was not prepared for these tabletops
and pocketknife lines, the hell they hock up
when 6am is time for another bump. And that's all
to say nothing of the sledgehammers, the crowbars
and tall cranes, grave robbers ripping through
our old smoke spot, the Denny's where Rockwell
puked in the sink, the field where Lily and I
discovered our monopoly on sunlight—
now the hedges are trimmed below eye height,
the windows overlook pristine cement, and all my friends
left for Echo Park to try and be somebody.
I don't want to be somebody. I know I am only as tall
and strong as a cornstalk, which is fine by me
as long as I end up as part of a row. But I'm still stuck
on the bitter throat drip and rolled up bills, Youssef's sad look
when he called us walking clichés, and that stench clinging
to my jeans even now, three days after that skunk
sent me and Skyler pounding dirt, the fists put through walls,
my achy jaw, our laughter, naked outside Dodger Stadium,
the chemical bath and dog hair, love notes composed in smoke
but forgotten come morning, and who will save us
from the great gray blank? Who's going to re-set
the bones in our arms, dust us off, put us down
in beds that aren't chainlinked or hooked to IVs
in the hospital I swore I'd never see again?
For the moment everyone's heart's still going and the sky
hasn't become a pair of arms, but I'm too scared
of ambulance lights to breathe—we're empty windowpanes,
gnarled up knuckle hugs, I've become everything
we once swore against, and all my friends
just keep slicing straws, they're going to be somebody
better than whoever they left back on 29th,
they're going to trade any semblance of stability
for buckets of snow and salt, and here I am,
broke and out of breath, shambling after pleasure zealots
who have long since stopped looking back.

I'm talking dry like a dirt devil, forgotten washcloth crusted up, not a drop for three weeks, which shouldn't be a big deal but is. I've been steady watching the horizon, because here they have a horizon, and the cars inching along like sideways rain. I promised myself this wouldn't be a poem about how she's in Paris without me, that I wouldn't mention my recurring dream of her knocking back a bottle of isopropyl on the steps of Sacre-Coeur, so instead I'll write about this habit I've picked up of imagining everyone naked and then berating myself for imagining them naked. Scratch all that, how about this orange urge to find a bar, some beat-up sports joint, order a couple rounds for the Mormons with their breath mints, the kids with their fake IDs? They serve a solid cup of coffee here, though the top-selling drink is one that's marketed to not taste like coffee. I'm wondering if I look brooding and mysterious in my corner with my very serious Moleskine and scowl, but more likely someone's imagining me naked, chicken legged. When I imagine her naked, I feel like I've done something wrong, and not in a way that feels daring. I'm curious about whether people in France call it French kissing or just kissing. I don't think anyone in this coffee shop cares that I'm feeling like a pillar of salt, that she's suspended in distance, and Jesus, why can't I get this right?

And oh, if you could see me now, doing crunches in the guest room because it's important I have a six-pack the next time I see you. I'm still playing sounding board to swan songs, still pinching filters the way I used to pinch your ass right before photos. I don't pray much these days, but I think of your split ends and scuffed knees and sometimes that's enough. By your tone over the phone, I know you've got your hands full of envelopes you don't know what to do with. We're still trying each other on in our dreams, wandering cityscapes with thoughts of midnight mimosas in bed, led along by moonstrings too tempered to be cut, and you should have seen the look on your face I imagined when you heard my laugh again, you should've been there to witness all those bridges I burned as effigies to you. We're still lugging armfuls of flowers for our friends who don't care, I'm still cleaning my fingernails with the edge you left me, and you're a bird whose throat is the trigger to my heart, so let the melody loose, darling—let's put our fingers in our eyes and stumble back into each other's breath.

I think I have some idea why
you won't tell me what's wrong
but if I fry you up some eggs
or pull your hair the way you like
will you change your mind?
Will you hold down my tongue
with your tongue until we both
decide it's not a good day to die?
You're an extra large bucket
of Xanax and I'm a nose bleed,
I'm that look you give yourself
in the mirror when you remember
your hair is just dead cells. I wanted
to talk to someone about all this,
I should really talk to someone
about all this, but if you're
a bomb hatch then I'm an atom bomb,
all those molten cars and bones.

Like that time you snuck up behind me
and pinched my ass in the middle of the party. Or
that night in the roofless garage when you called the moon
diazepam and I called you cherry bomb eyes,
eternal return. I'll write you
a proper love letter if you'll promise never
to talk to me again. I'll superglue my palms
together so I can't hold anyone else, I swear,
but don't you think there's something
uncanny about how well we reflect
each other's burns? My mom
keeps having dreams about you and I think that's
the sweetest thing even if my friends
call me a sap. I was just wondering
what's the best joke you've heard lately? Can you tell
when I'm calling your name? So here we are—
I'll be the crack to your mirror, I'll be the kernel
to your teeth, call me cadmium red
and I'll Glen Hansard your heart for hours, baby,
right up until you tell me to stop.

Finally it's middle night, the town's asleep
and I can watch my breath hit the porch
with no fear of friendly small talk from neighbors
introducing themselves for the umpteenth time.
My father sings and strums throughout the day—
lovelorn ballads about winter following spring.
His voice cracks and twangs, he falls deep
into his Valley accent only then, when he thinks
I can't hear through the door. I truly am
my father's son, burying old love notes
in our overgrown heirloom tomatoes,
giving the dirt her words, the ink that she watched dry.
This late at night, he's due to come down
in his underwear, use the bathroom, drink
from the tap, and in that moment we'll be
the only ones awake in this single-stoplight town.
Goodnight Dad. Goodnight son. From my father I got
my fingernails, my jump shot, my rearview mirror.
From somewhere I'm not sure of I got these lungs
full of confetti and a case of somniloquy
only she could stand. Here in Shenandoah
where no one but family knows my name,
I can watch frost creep over the garden and listen
to my father sleep fitfully upstairs, shaking
the house with every stir. If he talks in his sleep
I can't hear him through the door.
One of us will have to die first.

I take off my fingertips, send them in packing peanuts,
and though you don't want them, you toss them in the freezer
just in case I want them back. I pull out my widow's peak,
inches of hair by now you've never seen, slap on a stamp,
send it along. In the story I don't tell anyone
my heart is a town—cute little cottages, cathedral and all.
You're the butcher, carving lamb chops. Of course
I'm the town drunk. 5am again and the lamps
are sputtering to make way for day. Okay, I'm sorry
I called you the butcher. What I'm getting at
is have you ever seen a gas station
that's gone under, the nozzles draped in yellow tape,
the green plastic screens dustswept? It's no fun,
like me landing in your hometown and calculating the odds
of brushing shoulders in the terminal with someone
whose shoulder you once brushed. So I take off my shoulder
and Saran wrap it up, tape a tight package to protect
the dust you may recognize when you slice in
with your cleaver, clear some space on the block.
I'd rather not mention the nights I spent wailing barside
with friends who were not really friends. The taps
dripped what looked like sympathy and I'm ashamed to say
I took them at their word. It's been a long year
of blood moons and mixology. Towels in the bass drum,
handkerchiefed high hats. I've lost track	
of how far I've driven straight—if the world is round, I may
have just ripped right through. You can't write through an absence,
you only end up giving form to silhouette. But what's wrong
with being the butcher, anyway? Every town needs one.
Say there's been a deluge of road kill and the meat
is just going to fester and boil. I had the idea
that any good story needs an ending worthy of the sum
of its miseries, but I can't plot my way out of this one,
darling, I can't even put on my fucking shirt. I'm sorry
I dragged you back into all this. I'm sorry I made you watch.
If it makes you feel better, I'll be the butcher—
seems fitting, all this smoky blood, these ligaments
forming lines. I found Jack against our palm tree in the front
with a knife, and I took the knife away so then it was mine.
Didn't have the heart to explain that he had it wrong,
you don't need a blade to take off your hands,
you just need a pen and a heart full of villagers
starving, neglecting their herds because they can't
get out of bed, watching the last heifer die and boil in the sun
because the butcher's gone missing, he's lost
in the terminal, making eyes at friends
who are not friends, a whole lot of harmonicas,
and the thing about the gas station
is the pumps are still on, sour green blinks
wandering the night, but nobody has the guts
to cross the yellow line. I had the idea
I could drink my way back into our bedroom,
that same sagging mattress, our clothes scattered like snow,
like fingertips in a freezer left open
in case the butcher comes back.

I like to think of you in the ocean, washing
my name off your tongue, sinking footfirst in sand
and pulling free whenever you like. Your hair
is tied back loose, only the ends graze blue,
all the beachcombers and hippies pause to watch
the glow your shadow leaves wherever you touch.
Sunlight pours over your skin like words thrown
against a crowd, but the miracle isn't the beams
and their elocution—it's that your body
keeps them at bay. After all of it I thought
I had outrun my own misgivings, put some miles
between my hands and the hell they laid on you
and the others, but here I am, plucking beard hairs
in my gray cacophony, my fingers batons
conducting tunes I'm too glass-eyed to follow,
and I'm so small, frightened ghost that I am,
I feel there's nowhere left to meander
without meeting swan songs from rooftops
at the homes of old friends. Someday
I'll wander westward, find my own
ocean, a place where the sun will French kiss me
no matter what I've done, unconditional tender,
anti-panic smooth, Jack will toss me a screwdriver,
Jamie will grin his I-don't-want-to-die-today grin,
Tony will have his eyes screwed up over a chessboard,
but you won't be there, will you?
You'll have heard my plane skid and packed your bags
with the essentials, your weed kit and a corkscrew, Marvin Gaye,
thumbed a ride to Canada, built a home. I guess
this is all to say I don't care how much you don't
love me, whether you forgive me for peeling out, my hands
will just keep searching for wasp nests and coals anyway,
and if I have anything left to tell you it's that
until this body learns to dissemble itself and leave
its pins and needles in places no dogs will find,
until I am that man you thought I might be,
this will be our song: an echo in a glasshouse
full of motherfucking birds.

This is the one where you ask, Is that blood?,
and she says yes, and you ask, From where?,
and she says, People's faces. This is the one where
she holds your head underwater, and you
deserve it, you've got the nail mark scratches
to prove it. You're in her kitchen,
and it's so warm there, so brimming with light.
She's grinding up Valium and feeding it to her plants.
She's not eating again so neither will you.
This is the one where you finally understand
the letters she traces through goose bumps
on your back: it's an elegy for the past
you both might've had. All dolled-up in straps,
she's touching herself and begging you to watch.
You're sad because your lungs are ballooning
and you've forgotten how to loosen the valve.
This is the part where you realize you have not
been led here by bottle or brace, this sweat
and these pills were yours alone to gather,
midnight nausea and creaking hotel beds,
those little pillow mints like silver dollars laid
on dry eyes. Some days you still believe
everything you love is only a tall coffee and a tank
of gas away, somewhere through that boneyard
you barreled through with fingers on temples, foot
grinding the floor, but mostly you just scowl
through storm windows at strangers sipping wine.
Here's the part where she shows you canine pricks
in the meat of her palms, holding them out, teary
in the windswept dark. And now everybody's dying,
your friends are dropping like flies, bent backward
over altars of orange plastic—
it's so cold here in this aquarium, you can't make sense
of the carnage in fine print receipts, the blur
of concussed fucks, lovelorn exes sending word
of blood on the motorways, accidental patricide,
a splash of tonic with your nostalgia,
you have only eyes and hands, only enough caffeine
to get you halfway up the mountain before you roll
back on blasted brakes, this is the one we've all
been waiting for, the one where the lovely people
make it out alive, where you learn to breathe
water and balk at booze, this is the one
where you stop pretending, where you finally get it right.

Here at the end of it all, in this bed
of a woman I don't know, I am almost ready
to admit this was not a mistake,
I did not end up licking these lips
by some force of frenzied chance—
for the first time I am realizing
I may never breathe your coarse hair
in a room made roofless by smoke
again. I'm hoping you have weed
when you need it, a crying bench
for when you need to cry, a set of arms
cold enough to hold the fire in your lungs.
But here I am in bed. Someone's palm
brushes my chest and I taste my own tongue,
this bastard slug meandering my head, while
someone's breath creeps into my ear,
punches the drum, kicks a beat.
How do I get back? Lily, I have to find me,
I don't know where I went. These sheets
wet with rainwater, this grimace
holding my face in place against palms
pressing hard, too hard, but that's right,
I walked into this bedroom
and closed the door. That was me.
That was our mistake, leaving
the barn door open to our goodbye.
I'm watching your smile stretch taut
in the memories I usually keep bundled up
like sets of scalpels wrapped in felt,
hoping you're smiling in cashmere
with a bottle of cheap cab in bed,
that you finally fixed your janky-ass record player
and have someone who will nod off with you
to Frank Ocean. All evening I've been watching light
split shadows in quadrants dancing
up and down the walls. Crazy little spiders
seek shelter in their corners and the faucet
drips its own plinking poem.
I keep waiting for someone to cut me
out of this photo, drop me in another
bed, somewhere sunny, with windows
overlooking oceans that aren't corn.
I keep expecting to catch up to myself
and remember who left whom,
wringing my knuckles like thin throats.
I hope you do what you have to do
to fall asleep, that you've found a cafe
where no one knows your name, what you've done,
why your eyes crinkle false when you smile.
I hope they serve their coffee strong,
give you a warm-up without you having to ask.
I can't cut you out of my mind like I wish
I could, I can't find you in anyone else's mouth,
oh sweet Jesus, Lily, your cold silhouette.

College kids are keying car doors
down Clinton—the bars are closing. I find Shane
shambling down an alley with bits of twig
in his hair and beard. His hands keep working
the dark like dough and he won't meet
my eye. A grieving father is allowed to curse
at gas station clerks and smash glass
against cool brick, pass a bagged bottle back
without wiping his spittle from the lip,
stumble home to his rag-draped bench
and weep. A grave is the earth's perverted
laying on of hands. A pack of stolen cigarettes
shared beneath smog just might be
enough to stave off thoughts of death. At least
that's what I tell myself as Shane sobs,
tells me yet again how he got that titanium
in his wrist, snarls at a couple sorority girls,
extends his claw of a hand, which I take,
feeling his knuckles crumble in my palm,
and like that the two of us bear witness
to the gloom of stars within smoke,
pavement warped by heels, ghosts
who weave cursive in the worried space between.

One of these days I'll feel safe in plumage and perfume,
I'll nod to the dogs outside my apartment
and they'll nod back, break their chains and remain
loll-tongued and timid, but until then I'll keep on
worshipping antifreeze and tar, imagining my friends
rigging up extension cords above blocks of ice. I watch myself
grip keys between my knuckles and wonder why
I can't stop humming her name under my breath
as I lie next to someone else, someone who loves
the parts of me I've let her see. I'm sorry,
that just slipped out, like my teeth do
when I flash grins at people I can't stand
in order to keep these ghosts in my throat
from ravaging the dance floor. Nobody move,
keep your hands palm-down, make no mention
of the man bent on bringing everyone else down
into his gutter. Keep your eyes and ears bent sidelong
in case of wandering tongues, fingers, fists.

The man you loved is kissing someone else,
he cares more about controlling the jukebox
than he does about waking up in his own skin—
he wanders townward through a crinkled haze
of smoke and moths, gin and juice, his knuckles barked,
his mind a magpie's nest he'd be ashamed for you
to see. The man you loved shows up to the party
and stomps circles around the room, making everybody
nervous, making himself smile a half-cocked smile
because he knows he's too smart to really forget
the sweet cadence of your accent, the grit
of your hair in his hands, the taste of your teeth
in the morning before you've brushed.
He finds company in damp alleys with winos
and feral cats, dumpsters and those who live
inside them. If he's not burning himself down
for insurance money or spray painting elegies,
he's making eyes at his warped reflection
in puddles streaked with oil, chewing a matchbook,
cracking his toes. The man you loved knows
too well the feel of linoleum against kneecap,
the sound a dog makes when it's kicked in the face,
the stench of loneliness in a bed stained with wine,
he's putting on a dress shirt you'll never see, he's mixing a drink
with his thumb, he's waiting for the right moment
to slide back into his skin, well aware he won't,
he can't even remember how.

I'll wear that face you like so much. I'll dress
in collared shirts and jeans without holes.
I'll buy you eggs and flowers, don the cologne
you said made you feel warm that night
in the snow bank, press your lips with my lips
as hard or soft as you want, in public
if that makes you feel daring, in private
if it makes you feel safe. I'm having trouble
remembering how to swallow, or how
I ended up in this hornet's nest,
what I'm supposed to do with all these voices
scissoring my brain—when I say I'll be
who you want me to be, I mean to say
I love you, by which I mean don't leave.

These days I've been rummaging
through the shredder of my brain
in search of bar receipts, ticket stubs,
slices of photos I can splice
to reassemble the evenings, tame
the spots of static dark.
My girlfriend wants me to walk around
in the nude more often, my brother
wants to warn me of horsemen and fire,
my therapist wants me to stop
biting my tongue. Fall slides in
and convinces the trees to strip,
kicks the homeless in the gut,
and all I can do is shake
orange bottles like maracas and pray
to the ordered clatter of pool balls
tumbling into welcoming mouths.
I sometimes wonder how much longer
I can get away with spreading my ribs
in the middles of these parties where everyone
just wants to dance, not acknowledge
my manic rants like dry ice bombs
I lob into crowds, and I'm so damn clever
with my blank face shuffle, someday I'll succeed
in estranging you all.

Somehow I know she's crying, know she's wearing
that black silk blouse with a V-neck cut, that wristwatch
I used to call granny jewelry. Somehow I know
she's unsure whether she wants to burn my letter
or swallow it, stamps and all. Somehow I feel
her fingers on my cheek, know even now
she knows my mind better than either of us knows.

I want to explain those names I was calling out
in my sleep and why I lied about them in the morning.
I want you to look at me with something
other than streaming pity when I'm too drunk
to slip my tongue into yours without losing it
to your teeth. You walk into a room
shimmering and everyone wants to see
the faint hairs dusting your ass,
to lick the dirt off your heels. I walk in
and slur vague threats aimed at the man
in the moon, turn some heads, ruffle my beard.
On my best days I'm a splint
and my worst I'm a horny stray.
I know I promised I wouldn't make a scene
here in front of all your friends
but somebody's brain is on the wall
and no one's acknowledging it. If I'm not
watching a kid puke in an ambulance I'm probably
picking my stitches in the Incognito Lounge. If your body
is what you call your home then I'm the garbage disposal
in your heart. Fuck it, we should fight
so someone else's knuckles can get to know my lips,
so all your friends can take notes on our footwork,
our waltz around the room, and I don't think
you've ever seen the little terrorist who lives
in my brain, I'm usually too smart for him, but tonight
let's march right into the trash compactors
of each other's arms and rip out handfuls of hair
just to see if it'll grow back.

Bury yourself in blackout, bury yourself in unmixed cement, bury your fingers in someone new, bury the evening in snare and tenor sax, bury yourself in bottles of cologne, in gutter dust, in boxcutters, bury yourself in a blanket made of wasps, bury your tongue in the freezer's breeze, your nose in smoke and unwashed hair, bury your friends in the back alleys of your mind, do these things and take pleasure in the doing, in knowing what you don't.

They're painting over the graffiti
you scrawled in the bathroom
during that period of your life
when you thought you could hold
a woman or a wine glass
the same way. They're talking
about you—nothing pointed,
nothing cruel, just cracking jokes
about how you used to shamble in,
shrug your coat onto the floor's
lacquer, order for two,
leave a pint untouched.
In every apartment where you laughed,
burned toast, fucked, they are fucking
to your old soundtrack of choppers
and mourning doves. They're waiting
for you to come back, claim what's yours,
the armpit hairs, the scuff marks
on soiled wood, the fingerprints
you smeared on damp faces, but no one
really knows you there, not anymore.

That's odd—no creaky hymns coasting off leaves
towards our naked bodies here in bed.
I had a dream I kept showing everyone
my hands and making them cry. I said,
See? See?, unsure of what I wanted them to see
or why my palms elicited tears. I keep telling myself things
will get better but the only time I believe it
is when my hand is in your hair and my tongue
in your cheek. Now I'm making coffee.
You're mumbling in your sleep, maybe curse words
or names of old lovers, maybe a plea for me to come
back to bed, but I'm too enamored watching steam dance
to understand. I have dandruff in my beard
and I can't tell if it belongs to me or you. I had a dream
my brother kept marching in and out of the ocean
with bloody holes where he should have had ears.
He wouldn't stop showing me his hands, those hands, slick
with seawater and blood. I could not look away.
This isn't working. Let's go kick dirt in the parking lot
before the neighbors wake up, make out
where they can all watch, absently mutter into each other's ear,
Take my hand, love, wait until it makes sense.

In a dark so thick
I could scoop it up
I stand outside
the party, listening
for the smattered blast
of a dropped plate
or a tearful slap.
Bats carve love notes
beneath streetlamps choked
in gloom, headlights reach
for their brothers and sisters,
find none. The world
will burst like a melon
cinched with rubber bands,
angels will descend on beams
with hooks and scythes,
the beer in our stomachs
will stream from our eyes,
and everything we always
wanted to say but couldn't
will finally find form.
I think it's going to rain.

Behind a beard too thick to comb and curtains of stray hair
I'm listening for the faint music of clean sheets spreading
across a bed I will never see again. I've been told
it's easy to treat everything like a nail when you only
have a hammer, when your hands are bent on breaking
to keep things whole. Who told me that? Why can't I
scoop myself off this pavement and shamble back
into the space between bra and blouse, hold my face
firmly in place mid-smile? Yes I am a little drunk,
and yes I am doing that thing I do where I pace figure-eights
alone in my apartment, but I'm only trying to help
myself, forget the others, bury the dark spots of my mind
in something other than lithium and cab and where did I go wrong?

As best as I can remember, this is how it happened: in June of 2015 I stuffed all my dress shirts into plastic bags and left my lover curbside breathing exhaust. The sky's rippled frenzy looked like a tree made out of bones, my face felt ready to break. I gathered napkins and fingernails, bobby pins and razors, anything that had once made love to her skin, and I buried it in a haze of vodka and miles. It was not my intention to make such a spectacle of our separation. I did not become the portrait I promised I would. After all the gums and incisors, queasy perfumes, I finally fell into bed with someone else, someone choking on as many ghosts as me. I cut my teeth on driveways and departure dates, empty pool halls and fists full of air, found myself blackout making faces at a disheveled mess in a stranger's bathroom mirror. And if you want to know the truth, none of this matters, I watched myself pull off that curb and have been wandering dreamstates since. Holy shit I love you, holy shit how do I stop. I was one of two grown men crying over a hooker in Minneapolis at 4am when I checked myself, watched my ghosts seethe like smoke, knocked my knuckles on that door we both know not to enter, courting the things we want to feel least, and if I know anything, it's that the human heart is a wasp that feeds whether it's fed or not. Hello darkness, my name is Jackson Burgess. I have said what I came here to say. This brand of self-immolation is only cute and funny for so long before I find myself breathing dirt, it's only worth doing if it gets me closer to myself, closer to her, closer to closing the window and putting these thoughts to sleep. This is how a memory dies (it doesn't), and I'm not all right, Goddamn my friends, what the fuck has happened to me?

Another day of doing nothing but mumble
nonsense in the shower, through the screen door,
to the stove. These frantic flashes
of memory are enough to make a man weep,
but I don't weep, do you? I don't
blame an old building for burning.
They said you'd been trying again to drown,
but don't you know you can't
do that on purpose, you always need
somebody to hold you down.

Out there, somewhere, you are leaning
on the cane we always joked
you would need—twenty-five
and kicking dirt on a radioactive leg.
I've tried to keep Ellendale
buried in my chest but tonight
I'm airing it out. Last night
your doppelganger rolled
over the pool table and kicked
the Coors lamp as I threw
my hair around to Kurt Cobain,
choking on my spit.
You were there in the barlight,
watching the drunkards watch us
in the manic midnight din.
Lately I've been thinking:
isn't it great how we pretend
we dress the way we do
because it's cool, that we laugh
because things are funny? Isn't it sad
watching memories fizzle
like fuses ending at air?
These fucking choppers keep bringing LA
all the way here to my Iowa City studio
where I sit and fume, the choppers' stutterbreath
guiding my mind towards black.
They're singing your praises, your muted fear,
your pissed-off chuckle whenever I insisted
Zooey Deschanel was shit on a uke.
This isn't working. I just tried
to recall the shape your face makes
mid-grin and failed.

Hey Jack, how's that bleach taste, what's your latest Great American Novel, where've you been? You've missed nothing but ketamine cake walks and marches into blenders, hellish evenings washed down with tar. Sometimes when the music gets too loud and I step out for a smoke, I can hear your laugh kicked up off the coast. I hate it. I know you're smashed at the Mandrake or the Painted Lady, making eyes at loud, dangerous women but never making a move. Or worse, holed up in that dank garage, where everything looks like a serrated edge. Tonight I'm chugging coffee in a place much like where you once puked on the couch and got us kicked out, and they're playing your song, I didn't even ask them to, they're playing your song, that's got to mean something.

I wrote it all in a letter
six months after leaving
but I guess it never arrived.
I wish you would say something
when I brand your name
across my wrist, when I spell out
your initials in M-80 dust
and snort them. How about
we play a game called hide
all the butter knives?
How about you call me up
so I can stop writing shit like this?
I think you're probably alive
but I doubt that means much to you now
that you've figured out how
to rig up that car battery
to your chest.
You've got me fucked up
thinking about bathtubs
and dope, dried blood on my shoe,
but let me just tell you
once and for all, I am fine
with working this out right
now in front of everyone.
When you are in danger, I am in danger,
I catch myself watching your hands
at the ends of my wrists, filling jiggers
with tar and mouthwash, Vyvanse
and ash, thinking good lord how
do you expect this
to save you.

I shoot pool alone at Ugly's, listening to your playlist titled, Getting my shit together, until I realize I'm not even aiming anymore, just slamming the cue ball for its knuckleslap crack. Somehow I know you're not—getting your shit together, that is. The reason I'm here and not home with my cheap beer and familiar walls is that I couldn't stop picturing you getting in the tub. This happy dismissal of the damned must be everyone else's way of life: I've seen them at parties, laughing at their own jokes, calmly explaining spilled drinks, as we shuffled around their shattered lamps, practicing excuses. Fuck, man. It's been a while. I draw a mustache on my hand and pretend it's you. I hear a gunshot in my brain and pretend it's not. You were supposed to be here with me, scowling at college kids and slamming LaCrosse. The way this is coming out, it sounds like an elegy, and the shittiest part is, for all I know, it could be. We used to dance and cry and rage, sneaking boxed wine in through the back, blasting hip-hop off the roof, but now all we do is worry about dying. I don't want to worry about dying. Today I found a photo of us on the internet: we were shirtless on a ping pong table, Sharpied unibrows, pockets full of smokes, I'm sure, but now I'm not sure if I really saw that photo or if I'm making it up for the sake of this poem. All this is to say I'm scared. I don't think there are enough frosty mugs or clean pool breaks to calm me down tonight, thinking of you, your swagger limp, your crazed bong hit laugh, your fingers stroking clean steel in the sink.

I've been sleeping with the windows open, basking
in the company of crickets and crows.
My neighbor's air conditioning unit cries
fat tears onto mine. They won't stop
and I don't know what they're all about.
I sleep with a laser, a vibrator,
and a boxcutter above my bed—
each knows its job, each is meant
to get a message across.
I've been looking for your reply
in the spray paint on sidewalks,
in the fine print of deli receipts.
Every time I say my name, I say
half of yours, and thus I summon you
for a tearful glance before you scowl and bolt.
My neighbors like to yell desperate 3am slurs,
sort of like we once did, among the smogstacks
and high rise gloom, but I haven't yet told them
that I hear. The faint lights creeping
off the mountainside have had me
scratching my head for months—
just who is out there, whom do they love?
I sometimes think a screwdriver
would suit me better than any
of these lousy poems, if only
to guarantee an answer, to reach you
where it hurts.

I'm thinking about the night I probably should've killed you
with a punch to the temple before I knew your blood
loved the air too much. You were picking on my date,
mocking her Birkenstocks, spitting 4loko in bright streams.
We squared off in the alley, two two-faced fuckboys
playing chicken with wet hands we were too scared
to throw. A battlefield of blur
and our slurred lurch into Lithium and love.
We finally subdued. Tonight
I'm hanging with Tom Waits
and Earl Sweatshirt on two dueling speakers
with two steins barside, yours untouched.
Follow my lead and raise both fists to the moon,
that brimming ashtray, wheeze
until your breath escapes
your lungs, like blood let loose into gray.

I. All the stations play her voice
in eerie stacks of sound.
Your father picks up his guitar,
runs a lighter across the strings.
You shoot the crow out of the sky
and watch it plummet,
pluck the feathers, weave a bouquet.
Gray porch lights bleed
up and down the street.
The room is aflame
as she fixes her hair.
The faucet won't stop leaking.
Someone set the gas station on fire.
You catch the sirens like cans of beer
tossed from across the room.
She's chugging cab in the closet
as you light a cigarette on the stove.
Everybody's watching the moon tonight,
its bleary crinkled grin.
The train won't stop sobbing
over how few trains run these days.
You wash your hands in gasoline
while the station drowns in ash.
Rabbits embrace tire tread.
The river is frozen solid,
kids hurl cinder blocks and laugh.
You have thumbtacks in your boots while
she cleans blood from flattened ears.
You stub your toe on the oven.
Your father closes the blinds.


II.  The rain strikes roofs in wild piles of fists. Worms dance
like they're praising some dark god, maybe you, their staggering Savior,
streetside with knuckles barked and brain drowned in her spit.
She licks her fingers in a bar across town, watching men shoot pool
in showers of green sparks. The rain knocks swan songs
out of rusted car hulls, hay bales, streetside shacks. You mumble prayers
in a language you've only just made up, to your own dark god:
one of lottery tickets and centerfolds, black eyes and the hands
that laid them. She wanders roadways, tackling lampposts,
walking on water welled up from its grave. Rabbits stack
in formation, climb into fourth-story bedrooms. Wasps
swarm corpses in joyful squalor. You raise an invisible glass
to her absence and she watches you from across the road.


III.  The vending machine
spits out a Coors
that's dusty and warm.
You hold it close,
cup your sternum.
The toilet graffiti
says, Dead men
can't catcall,
next to a Sharpied
dick. You flounder
in your shoes
filled with blood
white like milk.
She finds you there
on the folding chair
chewing your nails,
clenching your toes.
She ducks beyond
your sight—lays teeth
on the armrest
like headstones
for spine-snapped mice.
You notice hours too late.
The moon hangs low,
a rib on a string,
singing dirges
to crows and doves.
She swallows chainsmoke
to cull the dark.
Exhaust escapes
every thing living
or on wheels. You hear
her singing soft
from somewhere far.
Rabbits pick out
their preferred graves.


IV. You alone are dancing over the old stone bridge // The cars carving scars through thick air aren't stopping to ask where you learned these manic hymns // The night sky is leaning towards you like a great cruel bandit sizing up your pockets, pockets full of fur and beady eyes // All across the city bedrooms flicker and drown in dark as couples lie side by side passing joints or turning towards opposite walls // She's scrolling stations on a radio spouting fire // The crows have no use for you and your haphazard odes to tombstones and trombones // Pint-sized pill bottles rest gutterside in dull neon light // She sees your visage in a double glass of cab // Twenty tone-deaf crooners stand in file to salute the moon // Aimless ambulances blast lullabies for her, always her // She's marching into the river // You find a flask in your pocket // It's full of dust


V.  Thick strands of night stitch the outline
of her outstretched arms through the storm's assault.
Men emerge from dive bars with their faces cracked
like bear traps, their fingers bloody, their tongues
lagging sidelong into gloom. Now you know
the ache of hammer against sternum, bottle
against brain. She braves the rain and sleet
wearing half a bottle of your cologne and ears
she's shorn from lovers whose names you
will never know. Your father presses his tongue through
the gap in his front teeth, kicks through the screen door,
cries. Rabbits tear their teeth on stone gardens,
plant them in the soil, and wait. Crows bathe in bleach.
You stumble downtown, through flocks of faceless kids,
each waving a flask and a flashlight, each sobbing
and laughing at once. Candlelight vigils light up
on every rooftop. Bricks melt and their burdens meet the ground.
I am trying to tell you the end of the dream
is always exactly what you expected it to be:
two lovers crossing paths in an alley,
two switchblades drawn in sloppy haste,
two moons meeting in a black sky
and making music out of silence.

The crows own the evening
but I have a pocket full of limes
and a lover home in bed.
All across the ped mall
horny students trip on cracks
and bags packed with coupons,
left by men who sleep sitting up.
My friend gripped my shoulder
last night on the corner, mid-anecdote,
a look of perfect earnestness flowering
his face. He said, Have you ever smoked
crystal meth?, and his embarrassment 
when I demurred haunts me still.
Tonight I have nothing better to do
than eavesdrop on dry fountains
and the crinkled mutter of choppers
socializing overhead. When the air
tastes like pennies and the sidewalk
greets my face, I'll think of my friend,
twist my grimace into his.

When I read the poems she wrote about him,
half-naked in my driveway, my mind a flurry
of dandruff and ash, I push thoughts of tongues
meeting and legs spreading in foreign places
out with the smoke towards dusk.
Dirty light projections of his fingers tracing lines
in the same cursive I twirl now on her back,
every night when her body becomes a diary
I am too scared to hold for fear of dropping.
Loving someone means meeting them
and all their ghosts in an alley and leaving
with knuckles and nose unbloodied,
and they always return, as ghosts do, when you least
need reminders—blackout in the far booth,
flying to a city where she once lived—
but with each passing showdown you remember,
no, she is not stepping out to call her secret lover,
yes, you must believe she's picturing you when she comes,
of course, you too have ghosts that nudge her
in her sleep. ENDING?

Here in this droning 4am blur
your lover watches your hands shake
over sheets marred by wine—
the party was pleasantly disastrous.
Friends wreathed in streaming pity
ushered you through halls and stairwells
descending towards boozy oblivion. Your lover
caught you by your little finger, whispered
something in your ear, maybe your name,
maybe hers, as if you needed a reminder.
You feel dangerous in bed when you place
your palm on her breast and squeeze. You feel
the gray ache of looking out of a face
that was not meant to be your face, eyes
spliced with so many bleary daggers
hurled by others who once lay in these sheets
and saw you for what you were.

I heard it before I saw it—
muffled moans from the oak
overhead, his ringtail droopy, his face hidden
beneath taut paws. When an animal is dying
it often wants to do it alone, much like
a man might sob in the garden out of sight
I watched the raccoon, heard him whimper,
wiped the snot from my mustache,
closed the screen door behind me.

This cheap blue lonely is wafting
out of kicked-in speakers
over everyone's head. Here
in this cranial cluster fuck
I'm watching my friend rail
a line off his girlfriend's palm.
I want someone to hold me
the way he holds her:
like a sudden jerk
will cost a month's rent.
A man with wasps for hair
is nodding along to a woman
screaming Bible verses through
a filter like fifty fans.
I'm chainsmoking imaginary cigarettes
with my imaginary lover and
imaginary erection, but it doesn't
make a difference, I won't remember
any of this anyway.

I'd like to line everybody up and ask them a bunch
of questions, the girl says from her wheelchair
onstage, twenty feet from my nosebleed. Tony chuckles
at the playwright mouthing lines to himself.
I used to get a kick out of asking questions
on the bus, like, Does this look infected?, and,
Can you smell how scared I am? I stopped
when I met a couple knives down Crenshaw who
told me I was no good. And it's true, I was
only kicking dirt clods looking for wasps, the same
way I stir up homophobes at the bar by flipping
my hair around. I think I feed my monkey mind
more than my mouth, laying out
mousetraps at parties, spiking the punch, lounging
on the couch, watching ceiling fans twirl.
Dogfights and cockfights, all manner of mayhem,
time and time again I find myself wooing possums,
slicking up my cheeks with Vaseline.

There are no explosions here, no friends
checking into psych wards, no cocaine
on fingertips or lodged in ATMs—
here it is calm birdsong and chamomile
by the fire, but Goddamn it I miss you
and your conspiracy theories twelve shots deep,
the hymns we crooned over the shattered LA sky
as our eyes filled with tears over spilled mixers
or silly texts from girls. We were constantly
on the brink of something unruly, a freezer
full of acid candy, an empty topless bar,
nothing made sense on our perpetual trip drifting
through screwdriver riverbeds, and that was why
everything was fine. These days I can't buy
a pack of smokes without beating it
against my palm, the way you used to on Fig,
up those blurry alleys, in those bedrooms
we will never see again. You and me, we're limping
out of that blackout into rooms of phony smiles,
hand sanitizer, double Windsor knots, and though
I took that flight and left you passed out
in the garage, I was there when the roof
fell through beneath our feet, I am still there now.

So I guess all my skin is going to peel in sheets
I'll scatter like bills in a strip club
before I get a chance to ponder
whom I'm dropping with it—here's the spot
Jack burned with a cigarette, here's where
Lily kissed me in the street. All the dust
I scooped up between these coasts
and drizzled over my bare chest: goodbye
Nola, goodbye Watts, goodbye Bushwick grime.
In the shower I am always scrubbing out
old bruises just to watch the red
spell names in the linoleum I can't
mutter aloud, and though the steam can't
reach the gray matter where it's inscribed,
maybe if I crank my jaw open far enough
I can scrape out the punches and hugs,
the dollar pints and moonlight sonatas
pummeled by rain against windows, a cappella
ice cream trucks, joints laced with lovers' spit.

Every seven years I step into someone else,
someone hopefully more gentle, more kind, but
probably someone just as angry and cruel, prone
to drunken faceplants and six-hour beach trips
sans sunblock. I'm having trouble ripping off
a patch here, a patch there, these vestiges
of houses that are now rubble, beds that have burned
years back. Summer stumbles in and kicks me
in the teeth, peels me off the concrete, rolls
her eyes and throws me through the screen door.
Forgive me, Jackson, I am trying my best—
I am weak and therefore bitter, seduced
by sorrow and her perfume.
I won't hate you if you promise
the same, there from your crumbling ivory tower
choked with TP and fire. Paper trails
and blacktop songs have been my locusts and honey
for so long they're all I know. You and I can't stop
burning each other at the stake, but maybe this time
we can cause an impasse, cross paths outside
the gas station with empty pockets, empty palms.

3.5 seconds to bleed out the subclavian artery,
12 from the carotid, 3 seconds flat from a stab
to the heart—Fairbairn taught men to kill
with skill in silence, a swift flick of steel
for cascades of red in the gutter,
unless you leave the blade lodged like a plug
silencing a bathtub, which is all a body is,
really: a pool of liquid desperate to flee.
The only dagger that ever hit me
was a two-letter word whispered
in a windy city soaked in sweat despite
the biting cold and curtains of rain. I thought
I had suffered more than anyone ought to suffer,
but that's what everyone thinks as they fall
and stare upward at grayscale sky, but 3 seconds
isn't bad—just enough time to identify
who cut you, and where, and why your hands are wet
before you drift into echo and dark.
Captain Fairbairn taught his soldiers well—how to miss
the ribs and tendons, slice straight and with poise.
We are not all so fortunate as to be trained
like that. I was thinking about the wounds
I had dealt, so sloppy, a boxcutter to the bicep,
a screwdriver to the thigh, always too manic
to verify that it was a killshot, or even the right
set of eyes flashing pain as I wiped
my weapon and went. A year later I'm grateful
for that graceful draw, the way she slid the blade
neatly between my ribs, like she once slid into
my sheets, like she once slid her tongue between my lips,
like she slid her fingers into mine and told me,
Now you'll never have to die alone.

These are the days of Plexi-glass and Post-it notes, pre-chewed food choking the aisles, the censored section swallowing the library whole, these are scripts that wouldn't knock the dust off a nun's frock, some happy little trees for your happy little lines—catch us chugging poppy tea in a Brooklyn slum as our rolling papers fold themselves into birds flipped at cabbies and pimps . . . Lorca got mowed down in the street, Dostoevsky faced his rifles, but here in this diet caffeine-free dance party the only one I can cajole into a knife fight is the bearded wino in the mirror, we frightened mice in a city lacking snakes, we batters swinging slow-mo—we're a funny bunch of youths with our noses in decade-old Village Voices, too busy picking lint to catch the word of rough waters barreling down Broadway that we ought to be riding, not photographing from our penthouse lounge. Tony calls from Williamsburg, tells me Michael's doing his coke dance in a room full of coyotes and doves, if I don't get my ass over there they'll stone the piñata without me. I ruffle up my beard and think if we don't stop inspecting the diving board's flex we'll dry up and die, and the kids we tried so hard to warn will watch us fry, and they'll yawn and change the channel, reach for another LaCroix.

Maybe you'll bruise
around the edges
and harden up
in your core, or
maybe you'll drift
out between your teeth
like steam through
a screen door.
I had a feeling
you might need me
more than you thought
when you left me
in that driveway
with twin handfuls
of hieroglyphic
love notes you'd passed
back across the seat.
I watched the way
your eyes caught
the puddle lights and
car horns—you had
that look of, This
will hurt for a long
time, but what
could I say?
I wasn't holding
the scalpel, I was
the skin, I was
the body bag and
you were the cement.
There's a kind of sadness
so clear it clouds
your eyes and puts
words in your mouth
like, All right, and, Fine,
though the levees are always
about to bleed,
the pillars are whittled
down to matchstick.
Since you left me,
I've been fine—planning
on staying that way,
no more identifying with
sidewalk cracks or those
bees printed in urinals,
and you can call if you find
your hair flooding
the drain, your lungs
turning in their two weeks,
and though I'm still
finding new scabs
every time I stop
hurtling between
flashy gravesites
I'll say the words
you want to hear,
you just won't
recognize
the voice.

Put a bottle to your teeth
in the bathroom or on the roof,
watch crusty punks crawl
headfirst out gray windows
to get a better view of
the chainsmoking baby
or the dead horse. Tonight
we're all losing our shit
between the Juengling and coke
and sighs drifting skyward on
lonely smoke choked
like scalding coffee on
our tongues. Kick in a couple
doors and come join
the snowball fight, just twenty
bucks a pop. Across the lawn
my ex-girlfriend is stripping
on a pole to an audience of one
and I don't know how I'm supposed
to feel about that. How did we end up
here in this graffiti field
where everyone keeps licking
their palms? Am I missing
something or is that guy waving
a water noodle? Let's go smoke
a French fry in the drive through
across the street, tell stories
about other nights we felt small
under covers, cotton or cloud,
and maybe by the time
the drugs lose their kick
we'll say, Wait a second,
I don't think I know you,
I don't know you at all.

So that's it—now everybody's got a mustache
to twiddle thoughtfully and a friend
who OD'd between sips of Pellegrino
and gasoline. Everybody's talking about
blood on the curb, blood on the freezer aisle,
blood in a blender dancing with yet more blood
because another stranger died, the news told me so,
and Conner died too—nobody told me,
I just know. I found his doppelganger
hassling homeless guys in Tompkins, first
pushing drugs, then trying to buy, then flipping out
because the acid he'd taken was bad.
He stomped around the square, screaming
while gingerly laying down park signs
like he was putting kids to sleep. I think
the only difference between me and him
is a prescription. And I think the only difference
between me and you, Conner, is I don't know
how it feels to breathe dirt.
Don't think less of me, buddy—I'm only
trying to taste the Jaeger, squeeze the wheel
tighter than I did, toss this like a wet stoge
out the driver side window of  your car.

Me and Mr. Colt 45 have been passing
paper bags in the park, shooting the shit,
howling at pigeons and planes
which from the right angle are the same:
reminders of how hard earth
tries to take us back.
We're constantly en route—
a subway nod and I'm already naked
in an unfamiliar bed, an eye roll
and I'm spitting out a thumb.
Mr. Colt 45 shoots pool like he's got
a snake up his arm he wants no one
to see. He wants no one
or he wants everyone, I can't tell.
I've been watching the way people watch
others' hands when they pass—even
at the beach, when everyone's body
is most fleshy, least hid. Must be the birds
or the bus fumes, the smoke that wreaths
all the tired waitresses, the swears I mutter
on my way out of every dream.

I came down from the roof to wander the roadways
in yellow cab cacophony and found you
with half a cig outside the record store, your hair
flying like fireworks, but it wasn't you, it was
someone else I once knew. Automatic doors
yawned as I passed, those beckoning
delis, hotels, banks. I thought,
maybe if I collapse in a doorway it'll be a good
conversation starter, but I walked on.
Nights in foreign cities leave a taste
of neon saline through a drip,
and all the policemen finger the same coins
in their pockets, all the lovers mutter the same
holy curses behind deadbolt doors, all the rats
pray to the same streetlights
though they don't know why. I caught the L
hoping it would stall underwater, and then
I caught it on the same route back.
I have danced this same awkward dance
in bookstores, in cornfields, down alleys
gutted by dark. Let's play a game called
yell the wrong name during sex. Let's play
my therapist thinks dead cat jokes are not funny.
On the train I watched a man light up a smoke
I'd given him, and at the next stop everyone
booked it for another car. I laughed
and then the man laughed and then he cried
and I had nothing to say so I laughed some more.
I thought I could find some cursive logic
in the scratches down my face
but it's no use. I am a weak man
hugging my own body in a whirlwind
of train conductors and exhaust. Tonight
the clouds look like they want to dance. I'll find
a nice alley, key your name into a brick,
strip my shoes and socks, party with the rats.

Chapel of mirrors, chapel of bone,
chapel of photographs stacked like cards
arcing towards gray brains, chapel of rocks,
of sand, of dust, chapel of ivory and wood—
each step kicks thin trills into the air.
The ceilings are crumbling, the ceilings are taut,
we're dancing in the bowels of this whale
without any idea why, why our tongues crave
each other's sweat, why our fingertips flit
across flesh like waterbugs. Hold the door,
my hands are full of bottled rain,
is that a ballad I hear, sweet woman,
or a dirge for placebo pills and eggs
whipped up at 3am to settle the stomach
after lithium downed with wine,
probiotics curdling milk, are we here now
or were we here before, is the sky laughing
at our preparations for the afterlife?
My boots are fucked up from the miles of tarmac,
my heart is fucked up from the happy hours
and coke-happy friends—you're sad
because we will never live in this place, this chapel
of old love notes, this chapel of coastswept glare,
we are always moving towards something gray
and away from something grayer yet, the ocean
beckons with its rapt applause and salt scent
that eats away at our clothes. I'm scared
of what comes next, all jet planes have to fall,
these eyelids and those orgasms, everything must,
but lay your hand upon my chest, push until the ribs
snap back, relax, let me sweat out the gin
and watch the sky flare up from the ground,
your legs laced up in mine.

stomping Broadway, 4am.
All these sad cabbies
passing by, throwing glances
like too many drunk kids
in bars, wanting to be wanted.
I've been crouching on curbs
rolling shitty cigarettes
through my tremorkick hands
as Kendrick and the National
flood my brain with tics,
looks, inflections
I magpied from friends. I hope
they're somewhere getting trashed
in back alleys choked
with green glass that sings
when sung to. They always knew
how to roll a spliff, how
to release a hug.
I never learned to say goodbye.
I am a cutting board
in a city of forks and knives
and I can't stop touching
my fucking phantom limbs,
these tender nonsense wounds.

A man escorting a woman with a baseball bat
and a bag of gluten-free bread,
Clorox wafting through a grate
as grill workers inside swish mops, wipe counters.
I'm partying alone in a dive bar
that's alternating Jeff Buckley and Metallica,
my phone cold in my pocket.
Strummer's coasting on the L 3200 miles away—
through the dense air I hold my ear
against her breath, the swoosh she produces
and she cruises through space. My bartender
won't take my tip until I'm gone;
I guess that's bartender etiquette, maybe
there's some manual I don't know about.
A year ago I thought it would be a good idea
to fall off an Edinburgh balcony and land
in a burning bush. Tonight I want
to kiss every bum and bar-back in San Francisco
and sing along to wild tire screech. I'm alone
with the beer and barhum. Tonight I'm alive, one two three.

A year from now we'll all be gone,
our bedrooms thick with strangers' perfumes,
our lungs clotted with New York smog, Midwest fog,
Texas' dusty span. We'll look back
on the cheap cab and blow and laugh
because nothing could kill us then, holy mongrels
that we were—not the crashes or the falls,
the waiting rooms or friends with knives.
I put LA in the rearview and drove
until she reappeared over the dash. Surprised me
with her spider eye windows, lights like
dreary snores. Here without my criminal friends
I'm making faces at security guards on the quad
where once we stumbled giggling into fountains
and bushes shaped like beds. I've got her ghost
dogging me from behind gray trees, her smile,
her cruel sigh. A year from now we'll be the ghosts—
we'll be dropping water balloons from atop the library,
hurling our laughs skyward for the choppers and gulls,
but for now I'm propping my feet on a garbage can,
wondering if anyone knows I'm here.

Steven in his wheelchair tells me lately
Vegas has been so hot bats at the airport
have been dropping dead on tourists' heads.
We're both shirtless, nursing sweaty bottles
as busloads of dusty nostrils blow by.
The sun stares down our reverie
like an angry camera. Green glass
and plastic cups curbside. Most days
I roll out of bed and squint at the lines
across my hand, rub the gunk out
of my eyes, think of her, think of there.
You can catch me staring skyward in the shower
seeing faces in the stream.
My soles are splatterblast maps of subways
and service roads, dance floors, lofts.
Today I am an animal with my canines calling
for fruit flesh and marrow. I guess I'll go
fuck a couple slot machines, chat up a dealer
who will smile just like he's told.

Fumes in the tank, bugs on the hood,
the slow whine of all these diner chairs
across soiled linoleum as I try
yet again to summon you here
on my cross-country trek towards you
in absence: your thick lashes, your smirk,
the lilt in your voice as you come—
I have watched the Manhattan ants dance
from atop tall spires, I have shuffled to jazz
in Marigny basements, Nashville honkytonk,
I nestled skeleton canyons in Sedona's clutch,
and still I haven't found your electric embrace,
I'm still searching for your face in the cityscapes
and forest sprawl, still loving you like an echo,
the only way I know how.

Nola sways like a junkie in a mob,
she's stripped her tights, smiling
in smoky twirls. Out on Frenchman
a Mexican girl blasts sonic sax
to a throng of happydrunk saps—
a couple dudes are huffing
out of balloons behind a rusted RV,
waving to cops who wave back.
Neon douses the alleys, beer
flows in joyful streams. Bourbon
is a supermarket where all the price tags
have been tossed. Moonlight
on the bayou, coleslaw on my shirt.
I'm in love with the loveless night
and the bedbugs in my hotel and my cabbie
who's all pot fumes and grins. My lover
is probably getting ready for bed
in her Iowa studio. My mother is staring
at a map. My shadow is dancing
alone in gray puddles flecked with light,
and I'm a motherfucker for believing
any of this is mine.

Hail against the car roof like pills
hitting a sink, Bono sobbing about something,
bags stacked haphazard in the back.
I was chewing my moustache in a Tex-Mex lot
when I started wondering where you were,
whose jokes you were laughing at, how
your armpits smelled. There's solace in separation—
a friend once told me that over corn chips
and Squirt, but there outside the Tex-Mex joint,
as the roadways drowned and black masked the sky,
I couldn't feel it. Through the sheets of wet fury
mountains lay like dinosaurs prostrate to some
dark god as brake lights sliced in manic turns.
I palmed my forehead, swallowed hard, realizing
I may never taste the salt of your inner thighs again.
I miss you, darling. And you may miss me
now and then, when dogs bark or freezer beer
explodes, but we don't talk about those things,
we don't talk at all.

Yuengling and motel coffee in a wasteland of windmills
chopping air thick as tar. Vamsi's inside surfing channels,
skipping over infomercials and action flicks where the hero
always wins. You're in bed 1500 miles northwest, your head
a hornet's nest of yoga and Milosz. I don't know what to do,
you say, scratchy through the receiver. I thought I did. I thought
I could put enough miles between me and the man
who stepped on that flight, but the past is vapor
always snaking to its source. Everyone tells me,
Put the pool cue down, just close your eyes, but my pillow
is a six-pack and a carton and a stool. My motel neighbor
just pulled up in his jacked-up Ford—his sideburns and pistol
say hello. Hello sideburns. Hello pistol. Hello cat
watching me across the way. Freeway traffic slurs by
a few hundred feet to my left. I picture your hair
between my fingers, its grainy wavelength song.

Yes the tombstones were all watching, yes my shirt was wet from the bar, my knuckles cried for the scene we'd fled, yes she slid her hand beneath my briefs and felt the shiver, we wandered towards the treeline and its dark inviting grin, the pink moon towered over us and all our dead friends, yes she unclasped my belt as I leaned against a grave, yes I gasped and my cigarette fell like a lamp-stricken moth, I squeezed her thighs, she licked my teeth, gray gravel snarled underfoot, city lights sang from the west, yes I fucked her in the graveyard, the pink moon made me do it, our voices were swallowed like barbiturates in the night's slack jaw, we did it in a city of stones, laughing, shushing, starving hysterical naked, I saw it written, saw it said, two land mammals spilling wine and white smoke, avoiding the altar, the furnace, the dirt.

Picture this: ashes kissing paint splattered pants,
thin fists slicked with Vaseline,
their oily trails on fences heading back
to my cot on Vermont. That was before
I was like this, when green Rorschach dreams
across the sky didn't denote tornadoes, when our faces
grimaced up from freshly laid cement
up and down the Corridor. Give me a paper bag
and five minutes and I'll show you the many names
of nostalgia: barked knuckle shuffles, blood on the dash,
Sidewalk Slammers—you get the idea.
Somewhere on the West Coast all my friends
are getting wasted and kicking buckets just like
we always did. We've grown
apart. We were always stomping through faceless mobs
wielding 40s like, Now I have a machine gun, our fingers itchy
for spliffs and loose change. Now it looks like we've all
broken free—we've skipped town and touched down
in Midwest basements, tenements in Queens,
on bridges and balconies, sans parachutes.
It's morning. Today I'll whip up some coffee and eggs
for my girlfriend, head across the river, let the doctor
poke my arm and scratch her head. Tomorrow I'll fly east
to pick up a car and creep back west, back toward Figueroa
and what we buried there. I have a friend everyone warns me
is unstable. These days he and I shoot the shit via phone fuzz
and plummet into braindead epiphanies like nothing's changed.
Last night he told me, Everything I touch curls up and dies,
and I pinched my crooked nose and said, Not everything.
Today I'll stumble into a pool of gin and juice.
Tomorrow I'll ogle harried airport eyes.
My name is Jackson Burgess.
I've embraced brick walls and pissed in anonymous beds.
I love the weird and wild ones. Come save us
if you want.

Dragging off a smoke on the fire escape,
so many leaves unfurling just out of reach.
You're inside sipping coffee from a Coke mug
as Newman sheds and mauls his duck.
We're here counting seconds and grounds
nested in your teeth. I want to lick them out,
feel your palm in the crook of my back,
feel your hair embrace mine, strand by strand.
I saw you in the park, smiling and waving
to someone over my shoulder. That's when I knew
no more blackouts, no more falling
on my face in rooms full of concerned strangers,
no more writing poems in cold dense dark
on my arms in invisible ink. Oh, you really are
what it's all about: books and furs and eyelashes,
midnight mania, the salt of sweat on your thigh,
the drum of rain on your roof, pug hair
in my underwear. Whatever wisdom
Bowie and the Stones doled out
on those blurry winter nights will stick
like dye on fingertips, lights in wide eyes.
I will carry you east in my pocket to show
the dealers and derelicts when they creep
too close and they'll marvel at the sight.

There are so many things I've wanted to tell you.
I fought a dog on the corner of 23rd and Magnolia,
though maybe it wasn't a dog, maybe a deer
or a dove or a mirror. Here in this blackout cathedral
my friend and I carve lewd things into the pews
with bottle caps we've stashed beneath our tongues, like lozenges
that won't dissolve. I find myself thinking of your elbows
and your chipped white nails, the sound
of the car door slamming between us.
The girl singing in the Chicago karaoke bar
had your accent so I wanted to take her home,
drive my mouth into hers like a bus into a tree,
but my friend started bleeding from his knuckles—
I must have missed him punching the wall, or maybe
it was me, I was bleeding, or the blood
was on my knuckles but belonged to my friend.
I know, the world is dark and loud,
sometimes your neighbor lurks outside
watching you undress, tracing you
in the foggy glass. I know, you kiss
your pipe and pass smoke in figure eights
while I choke on filters, blow through my nose.
My friend's father called again to inform him
that night was the night, no more pussying out—
Don't you want to hear my last words?
I've wanted to tell you everything—
how I burned my tongue on my coffee this morning,
how I wept for you on the roof, but I don't
want to explain. I watched a film
about men who love life-sized dolls,
anatomically correct sex toys they can bathe,
sing lullabies to, photograph. You'd have loved it,
their sighs, their soft smiles. She'll never leave me,
said one man. I don't have to be afraid.
I wanted to sing you lullabies about lilies and weed,
about names and the way they blur and fray.
I wanted you to see me dancing
in someone's living room, alone,
all the party guests wary of the knife
I kept waving around. Or maybe
the knife was doing the dancing, the knife
was waving me. The knife's the one
who's been drinking. The knife's been picking up girls
in dive bars and making them pay for their cabs.
My friend caught me mumbling in a concert crowd,
middle fingers to the ceiling in vain—
I'd mistaken the bar stools for pews, the DJ
for a priest. He took me outside
and his father called, again. My friend didn't answer.
Eventually one learns to culture neglect,
to breathe in dark and exhale figure eights. Hello love.
It's been six months since I last heard your voice.
I want to tell you the truth: everything
reminds me of you, everyone talks Chicago,
the lilies are speckled with blood,
your blood, my blood, my friend's,
my friend said, Tell me your last words,
I'll remind you in the morning.

It's raining and the headlights look
like puddled flash on the cobblestone.
My neighbor started screaming again
about a bat in the lobby so I came outside
to watch someone's television glow
through the window across the street.
Pixellated faces blur through
raindrop sheen as the grass
welcomes footfalls and the gardens
wave us off. Sometimes I catch myself
eavesdropping in my favorite cafe,
echoing quietly behind a hand
the way some people hide their chewing
or others beatbox on the outskirts of parties,
like my friend Conner,
in those holy South Central dumps,
spouting kick-snares to the stray cats
until the cops finally took him away.
I've been thinking about Conner, his grin,
his long fingers, the time he wrecked his car
and stumbled inside, smashing glasses,
kicking the dog, saying over and over, When I die
I'll be a legend, a motherfucking boss. The rain
is letting up. My neighbor and the landlord
chased the bat out. I ought to go back inside
and crawl into bed, but the night tastes
so tender, the streetlamps know my name.

Of course we're dancing over the bridge, of course the cars carving scars through the air aren't stopping to ask where we learned these manic March hymns, the paper mache sky is leaning towards us like a great black bandit sizing up our pockets and the loose change we've stuffed inside, all across the city bedrooms flicker and drown in dark as couples lie side by side passing joints or turning towards opposite walls, the pigeons have no use for us and our haphazard odes to tombstones and trombones, we one-eyed prophets, braindead dreamhounds, all these ambulances blast lullabies for those awake to hear, we're marching into the river, I found a flask in my pocket, it's full of dust.

I'm making eyes at girls through blue tinted glass in a cafe whose name I can't pronounce, sipping dirt coffee, tapping Tom Waits into the bar, when I realize I'm only a fistful of snow seeping through a pocket, into the smog, into the collective breaths of crazed subway patrons and dancers keeping time to the weight of walking gloom—I'm the man who's traveled east with the Word, but the Word was nothing, and no one gives enough fucks to cup their ear against the traffic's din and let my whisper graze their cheek. These girls look right through me, the barista misspelled my name, the coffee can't moisten my guts, the sun sets over Williamsburg in brilliant folds of blank.

Watching a cop watch me watch him, I'm singing along to the crosswalk's lonely chirp as pigeons make love to deep dish crusts and bits of bark mixed in. Here's the spot on Michigan where you nearly clipped the cruiser, here's the bench that caught me when I watched you drive away. Chicago wind can't drown out the earth's tachycardia beneath toenails painted shades I'll never see. My mouth tastes like yours, which tasted like smoke, which tastes like bright blue light when you catch it in a glass. My train's coming, darling—someone will watch me board and coast away, but they won't burn it into their retinas, they won't hit the nearest bench. I'm reaching out like birdsong, Lily—in time you'll realize all this was about you.

Good lord, how those dogs howled
through the chain links with my blood
on their lips, good lord the screen,
the screen we punched out to breathe
smoke in the inky night, good lord
the spliffs, good lord the lungs
on those dogs and our staggerstep
waltzes through summer sweat,
good lord opening my eyes to you
in the morning slipping into a pair
of my boxers, drinking water
from a flask, good lord the avocados,
the avocados atop burnt toast
and the dawn's cinnamon light,
your tongue against my shoulder,
your fingers in my hair, good lord
the guitar, how it looked in the gutter,
good lord your necklace you forgot
again and again, hanging
on my corkboard, your scent settling
in my sheets, these sheets I cradle
moving slow through dreamy space,
good lord the night we came
home to my room packed
in boxes and bags, how we held
each other like matches in a book,
good lord how you hurt me
on the driveway in the rain,
the sirens, the stares, good lord
we cannot be the only ones
who ignore stars in favor of dark,
who pluck strings like gray hairs
and shred letters only to tape
them back together, good lord
those dogs, what they were trying
to tell us, what we wouldn't hear.

In snow banks and barbeque booths, I'm alone with the heavy gray, hearing my lungs clench and hold. I feel frost burn my nose and I find war in all the miles and I wish you'd do the same. My gloves catch against the lighter's kiss, storefronts stacked with dead farmers' furniture watch me shuffle past. I watch armies and firefall on the television and it's frightening and cruel but still I worry more about you. Who keeps playing hopscotch on my loose ribs? How many more bongs must we smash on the floor? I am selfish and unkind, I filter everything through gloom—these frat kids passing fists, these kids scrounging for dimes. My tongue seeks incisors in a strange woman's mouth and I balk at the taste, the unending edge. I black in outside the Mill and wonder where you are, what you're drinking, whose underwear is going through your wash. It's all firefight tonight, love—if this is a duel, I'll take a bullet to the lung. I'll come home in a year, decked out in paint stains and stripes, hoping to find you high on the couch in underwear that's your own, but I know better than that, I'll knock once and turn to leave.

Head out the window of a stranger's smoky car, swallowing sewer grate ghosts, your blood's a scrambled alphabet of dark, you're passing bodies like blouses hung on lines // Now a girl is feeding you salt and pepper chips in a corner store, feel her fingers graze your hairy tongue // You must have run away because this alley is empty and where are all your friends? // Fists high, you're yelling mania at the Google building as tourist buses full of nonsense people point and laugh // Suddenly you're clutching receipts in a saloon plastered in porn clippings and Leather Girl beckons with a pitcher labeled Ass Juice and two shot glasses // You made it to the poetry reading and found your friends but Leather Girl has backed you into a corner, she's grinding you into stacked spines, and where did you go wrong? // Slouched in a subway station bench, Leather Girl's talking about the human condition and her words' blurred lurch has you eyeing the tracks // Someone tied a Get Well Soon  balloon to a homeless man's arm in his gutter slump coma, was it you? // You notice you've lost your friends again, you're alone on the sidewalk with Leather Girl, mumbling to mask your slur, does she want to fuck you or rob you blind? // You don't want to die just yet, here in this glass graveyard, all these grinning strangers or friends, you can't tell // Breathless in the doorway of a bar full of pirates, you must have fled Leather Girl, did she chase you? // All the cars keep yelling your name // This ambulance won't stop following you around // Someone's address is scrawled across your arm, maybe you can find your way there

The streetlights are fuming and the sky cradles dark. An occasional train sound. Birds nestling leaves. Smoke cut with cinnamon wafts in gray cursive strokes. Across the damp lawn, evening blankets the benches and bricks—the gazebo and its tables, plates and cups. Today marks a year, and if you were here we would slow dance to silence in this aquarium of night, sidestepping the ice spots, alternating swigs. The houses all around us would fold like stacks of cards and the neighbors would crawl out to watch—they'd memorize our sways and saunters, the wrinkles of our smiles, and the streetlights would applaud, the train would creep to a halt, the park would rock in smooth cool time, and we'd be there at the end of it all, breathing each other's air, our steps carving notes in the cement, because ours is a song of sorrow couched in sigh. But your absence holds me down. I smell your perfume on the breeze. My flask is almost empty. I think it's going to snow.

If it's not a car crash
it's a finger fishing out a tongue.
If gravity doesn't forgive the drunk
the drunk will forget he asked forgiveness.
Every night is just like this:
car radios roaming streetways
lit by orange EXIT signs.
Here at the bottom of everything
we watch each other undress
through grainy cataracts
as the thicket sweeps the windows
and milk goes sour in the fridge.
Stray cats fuck in sonorous fits
along the river's frozen spine—
it's the frost that holds us together,
one massive heavy palm. Most nights
the closest I get to loving anyone
is kissing strangers at parties
and leaving out the back.
In beds and on high balconies
the evening falls in sheets,
cold hands seek colder flesh,
I light cigarettes on the stove. 

Oh God, oh God, a woman is screaming
on the other side of paper walls,
Oh God, don't stop—a chorus of care
for stoned students trekking home.
A gas station cashier's face
is empty and gray as he works
the register open and closed, open and closed—
his hands carve arcs in the air
like hatchlings on first flight.
The mailman dreams of kissing
birthday cards and wedding invitations
before easing them into each empty box.
My neighbor the insomniac paces
from four to six every morning
but she doesn't know I know.
The woman I love is standing
in front of an open fridge,
her eyes empty, her body
bathed in cold gray light.
They drained the pool for glass
the frat boys had left
and now I can't tell
if it's an empty pool
or a pool full of air.
I'm slow-dancing with a pool cue
in a room full of friends
whose names I can't recall.
A bartender I recognize
sips cab cut with Coke
and throws glances at the door,
the doorway empty, the evening
empty folds of winter waning
as snow gives way to spring.
A girl is licking blood
from her papercut thumb
beneath dusty floodlights.
My friends are swapping spit
in rooms like frozen caves.
An old man falls
down the slick porch steps
until he settles on the cement,
a bundle of bathrobe and bones.

White-haired angels are slapping snares and strings, snow sings along just outside the glass. The whole bar sways with the loose groove of breathless vagrants, this PBR shuffle, fingers drumming love notes in suds, and here's the lonely undergrad, here's the man whose mustache wants to flee his lip, here's the drunk veteran telling me how long it should take a man to pee—You whip it out, do the deed, put it away, bing bang boom—and we're all holding hands in our minds, we're all slow dancing with shadows while the storm watches us slide. Everyone is grateful for the neon lights and the forgiveness they offer, for the carpet and its years of spilled signatures, for the pint glasses and the hands that cleaned them, for the pint glasses and their warmth.

I spent a long time pretending
that these fists weren't wrapped in cellophane,
that everyone knew my name.
On the bridge I watched a man
watch the river, but the river was ice
and the man was a coat on the rail.
I've been thinking on the difference
between clutch and embrace,
how to hold a moth
without it drowning in dust.
Before I learned how to disappear
gracefully in a crowd
I threw chairs to assert strength
over silence. I was always trying to leave.
I pity anyone who hasn't woken up
in a stranger's bed and gone back to sleep.
Lately the moon has been talking shit
to the snowfields, shadowboxing
just out of their reach.
Once I thought I could name
all the wasps in my brain,
give each one a bed and a bottle,
and then there were no wasps,
or else that's all there was:
one writhing ball of wings.
All this is to say
a long time ago I got lost—
I woke up in a stranger's bed
but it was my bed
and I convinced myself that words
could fill the space between things.
I was wrong. I was tasting saline
through an IV in the hospital
named Mercy when I decided
the moon throws sunlight back
like a pile of chairs, steady hands
make for shattered wrists,
we clutch because we care.

Her palm on my thigh
is a needle in my gums
and would you believe it,
my mind's still in Culver City
where my best friend shatters
bottles in his backyard—
not here in this greenhouse
of spit and soft flesh.
Last month on Figueroa
I raised my hands high
to angels drawing near—
my friend followed suit,
our arms crazed antennae
shaky with the booze,
until the angels were ambulances
and we just felt like fools.
She finds my tongue with hers
and I'm all tight fists and toes,
bent wrongways with the stress
like a waterlogged plank.
Good fucking Lord,
what have we done?
We've left paper trails
from lovers' bedrooms
to our graves. We've spent
so much time remembering
that our eyelids have fused shut.
The air between things is cut
with mobile silhouettes
like great gray blades—
everything shares borders,
everything is tied up in coils.
So all hail the gods
of medicine and mange—
let's dance around pyres
of photos and worn shoes.
As I fend off bleached teeth
I'm sure my friend is parched
in his backyard, kept company
by stray filters and shards—
we're both breaking our ankles
on haphazard double-takes,
desperate to march forward
without being caught from behind.

Smog singing through the palm trees, scouring sidewalks like liquor over ice. Watch the way I lather myself in the shower with a stranger's hands, dancing in the suds. When lonely headlights careen down Mulholland, they are begging you for a slow dance, wherever you are. Every graffiti tag a coded love letter, every bus stop a shrine. I thought I belonged here in the gutter with the glass, but none of the pigeons know my name, none of the roaches will give me the time of day. They're all going crazy for you now. Let them. Follow the metro down ramshackle byways, let the bums raise you a glass. Get high and paint the skyline with colors I can't see. Breathe deep the gray surf and accept the waves' haiku. Do this and know I'm sifting through my pockets for scrap paper and pens to let allow my brain to leak. I'll be embracing snow banks I've sculpted into your shape: your cheek bones, your hands, your chest and holy thighs. Undress yourself to this: wind filling my silhouette in our old bedroom, bus exhaust dusting 29th, timid fingers brushing yours. I am picking up the pieces and putting them to bed. These lines may be mobile—you may find them on the breeze or in the rain, but leave them for the mourning doves and trains. I'll light pyres leading to my new home, and the wind will scatter them, and you'll go out walking in your favorite sundress, and I'll make love to ice in the road.

Maybe it takes and takes.

It was me and August in the graveyard, guiding half a dozen crossfaded poets through the snow-drenched dark, our pockets stuffed with bottle rockets. Night knocked heads with the streetlamps and their luminescent gloom, until there were no streetlamps—no thick beams lighting our way. You can't see scars in the dark, or eyes, or tombstones, so when I tripped over Donovan Francis I ate the ground hard. I wanted to fight Donovan, to tear up his headpiece and toss it out of sight, and then I wanted to give him a kiss. The poets were getting antsy, they said we were approaching the Black Angel, a marvelous bronze statue time had dulled from luster to ash—they said anyone who touched it was followed by death. August and I soon found her, looming in the snow, her wings unfurled like a great dark vulture. The storm raged. The poets shuffled their feet. August embraced her, closing his eyes, pressing his cheek against the frigid bronze. The only ghosts I know in this town are the ones you meet in dreams—exes stroking your arm hairs, lost friends clapping your back—so I don't know if we were followed out of that cemetery, after we lit the fireworks and danced to the racket, after the poets scattered and left us rubbing our eyes, but sometimes I like to imagine a Black Angel is lurking as I fumble with coasters and sit at the bar—I keep a stool open and sip my beer and wait.

Cruising down Lake Shore, I'm reaching out the window to clasp blind hands of high rise light. You're hitting turns through tears and skipping song after song to find something that won't urge us to swerve left and breathe waves. Your perfume floods the air against the smoke in my coat—the mixed scents cross, bringing me back to boxed wine on the patio, sex with the windows open, nights dancing out back with the junkies and raccoons. I'm sure you see the pins holding me together, one from each city since I charged the horizon, and I'll bet if you could pull them out, you would. Here we are now, burning in the Chicago cold, holding ourselves back from holding each other, and maybe we'll get hit by a semi-truck, maybe we'll drive through a church, maybe we'll find an empty warehouse and sway to the sound of bodies separating through space.

Even after I realize she's not a stray cat skulking in the dark, I'm still holding out my hand, beckoning, cooing like an idiot in the alley, wondering if I let her bite me I'll go to the ER and get filled up with needles and tubes. I read about Krokodil, a flesh-eating opiate that kills the tissue around any injection site, so users have to get creative—the photos showed syringes in gums, in thighs, in the leathery skin between fingers. Most people who try it die within a year so realistically everyone pictured in the article is now dead. Rabies shots and Krokodil are one thing, but what is the nature of heartache, of homesickness or loss? How do you trace the needles no one else can see? When I hold out my hand in a club asking someone to dance, beckoning, will I get sent to the ER, will the flesh of my fingers burn away? When I tell my friends about the possum they laugh and say I've been drinking too much, except my friend in Australia who says possums there are cute fuzzy pests. I want to go to Australia. I want to feel like needles and tubes are unnecessary, I want all the addicts to come with me and chase possums in the park without fearing our bodies will crumble from beneath us and our bones won't mark our ends. Back in the alley I'm scattering fruit and meat and cheese, but the possum has found a new haunt, and I'm mumbling to myself.

I was there when my friend drank the bleach, stark, clean light eviscerating his throat, I was there when the pistolwhip cops burst in through the front, knocking back our neighbors the coke fiends, I was there when the sky shattered like a sheet of glass, a cacophony of cartilage, when the Staples Center leaked formaldehyde and all the homeless scattered, I was there when the drugs ran out, when everyone felt their face melt and scrubbed lines of Braille out of their arms, I was there when the graveyards spat up their dead, when Los Angeles pulsed in gray gridlock madness, when all the bus drivers and businessmen shook hands and danced towards eternal pacifist sleep, I was there when Jack smashed the handle on the curb and we had to run—after we'd ripped up the bathroom and knocked out the guard, the only place to go was my backyard, where we chugged cab and told stories about bad trips and dogs, but there we were, still alive and walking, I was there, I was there when the fires finally died, I was there when the needles crept out of the front lawn and into our heels, I was there when the beatific skyless night greeted us with chopper floodlights, and the neighbors closed their eyes, and so did we.

No more pitching rocks through windows, no more needles in the street. No more dumpsters locked from the inside, or shattered pipes, or rags. No red or blue in this new world, no more spray paint tags bleeding down overpasses, slick elegies in code. No more tasers or mace, no junkies knocking on our windows, begging for a quick fix. No blunts laced with coke or lean, no teen hookers smoking on Fig, no danger in this vast flat space where the only sounds are measured footfalls and cars gliding by.

Well that settles it: I guess I've got to find another barista to fall in love with, another alley to sleep in now that this one's flooded with possums and snakes. Sauntering down Clinton with my jacket full of tinder, I'm trailing strings of dried up human ears. Here without my criminal friends, none of the benches look as comfortable, none of the dumpsters feel like home, all the grinning strangers are more switchblade than sandbag. I've been trying to scrape the LA skyline out of my veins, with the help of a sympathetic bartender and her surgeon's hands, but it's not working. Watch me turn this waltz into a bare knuckle brawl: left foot, right foot, uppercut, feint. If anyone's got the remedy for Velcro tongue or dartboard eyes, give me a call—this time we're all going to jail, whether or not our fingerprints are found, and these lines may not mean a thing to you, but if they're what hold the screwdrivers and prayers down then I guess they'll have to do.

I'm hatching tallies across my hand as drunk biologists fight in the next booth over and Little League blasts from the TV. The biologists' conversation is equal parts uniformity of tumor dissemination and bullshit, cocksucker! In the back of the bar a man keeps clearing his throat like he has something to say. There's no smoke hanging in the air though it feels like there should be. The bartender is young and has eyes like saucers—whenever I order a drink she won't release my gaze. Now they're playing Johnny Cash and the biologists are swaying like willows. I wonder how many more times I'll have to come here before I'm a regular—I'm sure soon I'll be slouched on the bar or clearing my throat in the back. The bartender just touched my shoulder as she handed me my drink and I flinched. Why did I do that? Are we happy here in this whiskey aquarium? Who is watching us descend into black? The bartender told one of the biologists, You have a hole in your sweatshirt, and he said, No, darling, I have a hole in my brain.

The drawling soliloquies of drunkards, rambling, belabored, coughing swear words towards a sky they can't see through the crumbling ceiling. Their hands are bricks swinging from twine—they swing them to gesticulate or knock another man's teeth onto the carpet like foam out of a fire hydrant. They speak in hyperbole and parable, like, This one cocksucker copped a feel on my wife and I kicked his balls right into his ribcage. It's been moths since they licked their lovers' necks or made pancakes for their kids. Their evenings are spent between nonsensical litanies against taxes or the blacks and screaming at athletes through the mirror of the TV. Thin gray hair crouches beneath baseball caps too tight for the men's heads. All the wrinkles look like initials carved in trees, but despite the slurs and hurled glasses, past the cocksucker this and sumbitch that, you can see hopeful young men nervously shopping for rings, squeezing their mothers' hands, watching the horizon for something they can't bear to name.

Tonight Gregory has tumbled from his wheelchair—he's sprawled in the middle of the street, frothing at the mouth, his cock limp in his hands. I know because my old roommate called to tell me, her voice choppy through the blender of my receiver. I can see her now, peeking out the front window, chewing her nails to the quick, wishing she could hold Gregory like a china vase, pry the bottle from his fingers, give him a bed, but no, all she does is call me and sob. The evening smothers everything, settling on the streets, a pool of black ink spilled from the sky over Gregory and his rags, Gregory and his vomit, Gregory, the Saint of the gutters, and I, tipping a bottle of my own, I have nothing much worth saying.

3:30am and I'm nursing a beer in my pajamas, watching
slow-motion videos of explosions on the internet.
It's mesmerizing, this flowing dance of fire and air,
finally witnessing the sequences eyes are too slow
to see. I'm viewer number 12,081,112—it's this popular
because everyone likes seeing how things happen,
how a combustion engine wretches to life, what
causes what. A few weeks ago in China,
a dozen men and women clad in black
knifed up a train station. The police came
and put bullets where they thought they belonged,
their pistols housing explosions too fast for eyes to see.
Some attackers escaped, and as of today no one
has taken credit for the attack. The victims' families
must be dying for an explanation, but sometimes
we don't get that luxury. Sometimes we see lights
in the sky, we hear screams in the night,
and we aren't given the cause. Sometimes we're just
molecules of oxygen caught in the blast.
I'm thinking this over as the alcohol takes effect,
as the poison caresses my brain, and it all makes sense.
We're bent on this assumption of cause,
like pouring cream in our coffee, smiling
as the black gives way to brown.

It hurts to be cut out of photographs.
It hurts to be stabbed in the foot.
There's nothing like the burn of fingernails
down your back, or the red lines
of raised flesh that remain. The worst
is dismissal, like a dagger to the face,
or maybe it's the opposite. Sometimes
we open ourselves up just to see
what's hiding inside our ribcages,
who's dancing in our lungs,
but it's never worth it.
It seems like if so many people
have lived and been hurt, they'd have
warned us, and we'd have listened.
I'm just trying to figure out why
we keep touching the stove
when our hands are already
drowning in spiral scars.

A man with a pitbull followed my girlfriend four blocks
complimenting her ass until she booked it and fell
into the arms of a flock of fraternity brothers
who did the same thing all the way to her apartment,
where she called me, scared and tearful, her voice a window
shattering through the receiver, me wringing my hands
and chugging vodka to forget all the ways in which we hurt
each other on the daily: bullies breaking kids' noses,
pitiless men brutalizing girls, and every thirteen minutes
someone kills themselves, and every five minutes I'm reminded
of how bent we all are on self-destruction—
I watch children at the park push each other off
the jungle gym, and crack heads getting thrown down
against blacktop by power-happy police, and still
we wake up and eat our cereal, we drink our coffee,
we stroll past graves and morgues without a second thought,
and I can't fathom the rationality behind stepping
on your child's throat with all your weight, or burning
a swastika into your forehead, or spraying a church
with bullets like it's cologne, but somehow people do
all of these things, and as a person, that means we're connected,
me and the cat-caller, me and the kid-killer, and so are you—
dear unknown reader, come grieve with me over the collapse
of the world, I've got a shot glass with your name on it,
let's try our best to forget the depravity, and wake up
determined to give change to the homeless, and write
litanies debasing the cruel—let us go out into the world
bearing anything other than cruel plain nothing.

I don't know how to do this but I want to throw a brick
through the panes of my eyes and into the roiling gray
of my brain, just to shake things up, to get me out of bed
and into the wide barren world. I feel like a dog
who's still growing into his own droopy skin, shambling
forward towards my own shadow, never fast enough.
All my friends are either parading down chapel pews
and filing 401Ks, or serenading themselves with the song
of steel on flesh. There seems to be no middle ground,
no compromise between ecstasy and despair, and you can see it
in the libraries and morgues, in the faint messages scrawled in mirrors
post-shower, in the bottoms of pint glasses, the beer suds
like tea leaves begging to be read. These days, I think about
PTSD and HIV and SIDS, all these frightening acronyms,
and I think about divorce, and sidewalk chalk getting washed
into the gutter along with the dust and grime. It seems like
the best anybody can do is pull out their own teeth
before self-immolating to ensure no one can identify the body.
Maybe scatter those teeth beforehand in places far more interesting
than the lonesome void of a bus stop—maybe the Grand Canyon,
or along the Hollywood sign—so you're remembered exactly
how you want to be and not as you are. I guess in the end
I'm just wondering how many miles I'm expected to walk
before I catch up with myself, how many friends I'll have to stop
from bringing blades into the tub, how many evenings
of vodka and gray nothing before I finally meet my reflection
and have something more interesting than profanities to say.

And just like that, it's fall again, and all the trees are dying,
dropping their clothes in the street, though I suppose
they're always dying, always crumbling against the wind,
like us, as we bustle through the gray world, sipping
two dollar coffee and glancing at the morning paper in the trash.
Would you look at that: six kids just died
in their New York apartment because of a toaster oven, and I'm
hoping if I don't think about them for too long, I'll forget—I'll go
back to my half-assed dance through the landscape, here
in this city made of paperbacks and fire. It's getting colder
and here I am again, decked in layers, buckling under
the heavy sky—the same sky that covers us all,
not like a blanket, more like the earth loved ones will scatter
on our coffins when we're gone. It's funny
how many ways I can think of starting a conversation without
ever trying one out, how I can just sit and smell strangers' perfumes
and watch them walk away. As the days get shorter,
we eat less and sleep more, we congregate in churches and cafes,
swapping body heat and words, not realizing
we're only waving knives—we're slicing flesh
with every look, with every kiss, with every sloppy tumble
towards connection, it's this crazed need to touch
and be touched, to burn and be burned, and just like that,
it's raining again, but instead of a baptism,
it feels like God's just taking a leak,
leaving us barely damp enough to hope for a morning without
hangovers or pregnancies, without bedspreads torn
and stained, without the urge to leave
all our toaster ovens on and bathe in gasoline. Charlie said,
Instead of sobbing, write sentences, and that's worked fine
so far, but only if it means someone will read this poem,
just one person, and find solace in the pain that is living,
which is dying, which is everything on God's green earth,
which isn't even green to begin with, it's blue, isn't it?
Blue, the color of wrist veins, God piss, sky.

I keep looking back and expecting
something to be different, more violent,
more serene, I keep thinking I must
have missed a clue or a tip-off
on the balcony or in my bed,
I must have been blindsided
by the screwdrivers and Trojans—
they're what stuck with me, the knives
I keep finding in my back, so
of course they're what I follow
home, to the desolate wonderland
that is South Central, and I watch
the ground behind me for unknown
footprints, and I watch the sky
for choppers cruising too close,
and I pray to this bottle and pen,
and I hope things will turn out
differently, but not very often.

I want someone here in this bar to take me home
almost as much as I want no one to ever take me home
again. The place is packed with mumbledrunk
old men, sweaty college kids, and me,
nursing my twelfth beer, ashamed yet proud
the bartender now knows my name. Somewhere I read
whomever you surround yourself with tells you
who you are, but what if you don't surround yourself
with anyone? What if you scrawl swear words
all down your arms and grow your beard out long
so no one will approach you? And what if,
despite all this, you still find yourself in the center
of the room, leading everyone in rounds of shots,
laughing in spite of the essential ache of being alive?
I'm not kidding when I say that every poem
is an elegy, because by the time the words reach
the page, whatever they're describing is already
gone, so maybe when I look up, I'll have changed
my mind, and I'll ask the bartender when she gets off,
and maybe she'll take me home, and maybe I'll smother
the impulse to fake a seizure or pull out a tooth, maybe
I won't recoil at the warmth of her hands, shoulders, tongue.

It's easy to implode if you really want to,
easy to let your guts twist into fists
and clench them so tight that the space
you once occupied becomes a shower drain,
or the end of a vacuum tube, black absence
hungry for matter. It's easy to slip
out of your skin and leave it
on the pavement for somebody else
to find and maybe try on—formless,
you can find new ways to punish
yourself: creep under doors, slide
in between strangers making love,
smell the lubricant, taste the salt,
then retrieve your own skin so you
can continue wishing you weren't here.

A bottle is a baseline is a stretcher
slick with sweat. A bar stool worn
to bare wood is a puncture wound,
a three-legged dog. These nights
of morbid passion are last wills
scrawled in well whiskey and wine
when we're hauled out back and killed.
Shot or stabbed, it doesn't matter—
because a bullet is a blunt knife,
which is a cock, which is a pill
you chase with Drano and wretch
out onto the cement. A poem is
a city, which is a mass grave
turning all at once. A pen is
a blunt knife is a bar stool is
a stretcher, it's the way your lover
looks when you squeeze their hand
one last time and leave.

It's the days when you walk into traffic, cigarette
dangling from your lip, hoping a semi truck will come
barreling towards you so you can embrace the hood—
it's those days that make you pause and consider
homeless vets freezing over steam vents, or babies
getting shaken so hard they die, by parents
barely old enough to purchase alcohol, and you wonder
if maybe you don't have the right to hope for death
when others receive it unwillingly.
And on those days, it's always the small things
that pull you back down from the scaffolding:
conversations with sad baristas, saving spiders
and letting them outside, calling up the one friend
who you know feels worse than you, and thanking them
for being alive. Because there's something about living
that unites us, even when we don't want to do it anymore,
even when we want to leave the party, but we get dragged
back inside, handed a beer, given a punch in the arm..

If the alley is your cradle, if you find solace
in baptisms of gin and juice, and you arrive
across a table from unmitigated sorrow,
that fleshy ball of tentacles and teeth,
throw back another few pints and shamble home
without a stranger on your arm, or a dull shiner
from some belligerent kid, because while no one
is alone in being lonely, tossing gasoline on a fire
will never put it out. I've been thinking
about this and other things: like the soft curve
of a woman's spine in the sweet dark,
or beard hairs rising to the top of my coffee,
or fists and faces getting too friendly, blasting
each other in great clouds of blood, and I know
staring at dead rabbits for hours is unhealthy,
and I know it's dangerous to shower while drunk,
but will someone please tell me the difference
between ink and lighter fluid, Pepsi and Mace,
will someone please close all the windows and flee,
having turned on the oven and tied me to the bed?

Let's go out late tonight, palming fives to beggars
and inscribing lines in every oak we pass, paying
no heed to sirens or stares. Last night was only
cheap beers alone at the bar and stumbling home,
sidestepping exes and ghosts, breaking in
through my own window because I dropped
the keys in some alley. Let's not over-think this:
let's put a little something in our orange juice
and dance in the graveyard, belting out
hymns and hip-hop, as if they're the same thing,
and people will notice the stench of fear
disguised as elation, and they'll come out looking.
Let them come. Hell, let's call up
the mayor, the plumbers, the baseball team,
we'll take that graveyard and turn it into an electric rodeo,
a firework show that just won't stop, and when the alcohol
finally runs out, leaving us gasping and faint, we'll find
car batteries or antifreeze—anything to keep us going,
so blast the music, pour me another shot, come dance
with me here in this room with no windows or doors.
Let's try to ward off our exes and the dead—let's light
ourselves on fire so the last thing we see is bright
and warm and alive.

And there will be no survivors when the flames catch
all our old love notes and premature wills. We'll be soft
soil beneath foreign footfalls—unwelcome like an eyelash
in the lip of your shot glass you fish out.
We'll all be silhouettes dancing with shadows
against the walls, but not in a sexy way—more like
a rigid waltz, stepping in time to the frigid black.
Lately I've been thinking a lot about futility, and how
this poem will be forgotten in ten years, or two weeks,
and I'm trying to be okay with that—with the fact
that someday soon no one will know my name, no one
will care which brand of cigarette I preferred, how hard
I fought to love her, because everyone alive will be
too busy holding their skeletons within, but that doesn't
mitigate the heaviness of the now, or the wetness I found
between her legs, or under my eyes, so here's to the end
of all things, here's to graveyards full of folks without names
or numbers—beautiful wastelands of light and bone.

I'm alone in the diner, eating my burger and thinking
about where you're supposed to look when you're alone
in a diner, but mostly I'm thinking about how much
I want to kiss your shoulders, in Paris or LA,
and how many miles hold us apart, the railroad tracks
like stitches holding the land together, the buildings
trying to reach the clouds, and a few days ago
I wanted very badly to die, but rather than fuck around
with pills or boxcutters I went to the bar
and played our song over and over until
they kicked me out. Sometimes I catch myself
looking for your hairs in my clothes, and I've realized
lately I've been writing a lot of poems about that,
but not enough about the way your body carves sculptures
out of the air when you walk, or how your eyes
are as warm as the black coffee they resemble,
so I'm here thinking all these things, hoping
if I get them down right, somehow you'll come
sauntering in the front door, and you'll sit
across from me so I'll have somewhere to direct my gaze.

I want you to see this: I'm in a dive bar,
stuck full of knives and picking at the scab
on my elbow, trying to ignore your ghost
as she sits across from me and smiles.
The bartender keeps coming by, looking concerned,
but he never says anything—he just takes
my order and keeps the beers coming. You've got
rain in your hair and on your clothes,
and I want to reach out and brush it off
but you're all air and light—nothing I can touch
or bring home, nothing I can bite like a carrot
or a finger. I know how this will go:
I'll drink long enough to forget the knives
and your face—I'll take those knives
and carve myself a way home, through fences
draped in ivy, and you'll dissipate like fog
until I wake up, sober and sweaty, and just like
every other morning, I'll reach out to my left,
grasping for your arm, but you won't be there—
you'll be caught in the manic lonely gray
that is my brain, and you'll appear in spirit
right when I'm at my most miserable, and you'll try
to smile and make me feel better, and I'll try
to smile without my face ripping in two.

In the end it wasn't about love, it was about
sharing saliva on pint glasses and beneath
sheets. We all picked poison over passion and hoped
we could summon some meaning out of it—
but the smug bartender just kept pouring shots
and the only spirits present were those behind the bar.
I stepped outside and met a homeless couple,
starved, dressed in shopping bags, who told me
about the bone cathedral in their hometown.
I couldn't tell what drugs they were on
but I wanted some. The woman's eyes grew bigger
as she described the pews lined with femurs,
the pulpit made of skulls, and when I went back in
to tell my friends, no one believed me.
So we drank, some of us to forget, others to remember
the days before prescriptions and addictions,
when the sun and streets and trees were enough.
But it's never enough. All we have at the end
of the night are grainy memories of the floor
and how it stuck to our soles, like it didn't want us
to leave, like it wanted to hold us
until time stripped us to bone.

I'm in the muggy strobe light frenzy of a Dublin pub
railing snuff off my left hand because two Swiss girls
told me to, chasing it with the only cider I can afford
when I realize if I ever make it home, the churches
will have tumbled, the palm trees will have burned,
and will she remember me after all these months apart?
Will she recognize the boy she drank like wine
beneath all these new wrinkles and scars? The hotels
will be full, the skyscrapers demolished, and I'll be all ink
and booze carried by a new receptacle—one with holes
where eyes, nose and mouth belong. You can't go home
because earthquakes shatter windows, waves crush
beach homes, knives usher friends to morticians,
and you watch your own body warp with the jetlag,
with every handshake and pint, so by the time
you return, you're a walking waterfall in a city
of paper mache. But will she remember me
when she brushes my face, her tissue hands melting
against the damp flesh—will she still love me
when my footfalls soak through concrete,
when I'm a puddle she's learned to avoid?

There's a deaf scholars' convention going on
and the campus bar is silent, save for double claps
as mute men order shots and take signed requests
from their friends. Maybe it's something in the air
but we're all lonely tonight, mourning our exes
and giving ourselves Sharpie tattoos of phrases like,
Let’s not die just yet, and, Is it too late?
Even the plants are droopy: flowers doused
in pesticides, leaves dusted with cigarette ash.
All these lit windows full of liquor-fueled love—
the sort that leaves you in the morning feeling like
a firefly drenched in tar. At the bus stop a man locks
the wheels of a stroller just so he can turn around
and punch his girlfriend in the face. He's crying
as he does it. In their hostel rooms, bearded men
get off on teenage girls posing for their webcams.
Tired mothers sip whiskey from dollar store flasks, and
we all pass this sorrow along like a cold via sneeze,
though none of us know where it came from, what
to call it, how to let it go.

To become accustomed to the disarray,
the background noise of chainsaws opening letters
and toes being ground beneath truck tires.
To grow deaf to birdsong and beehum, or water
falling over stone basins onto rocks—to witness
the water and only see a force smashing an object,
much like a jackhammer does a sidewalk.
To smell exhaust in meadows
and sewage in stone monuments—everything
is just atoms collapsing into themselves, anyway,
but you can't help it if your eyes become glazed over.
Sheep fields or minefields. Statues or scalpels.
Every blade of grass wants to slice your tongue
so you can't speak of what you've seen if you return.

Sidestepping officers through tar-black night
taught me to clutch keys between my knuckles
just in case push came to shove. The churches
and liquor stores etched the bags under my eyes,
wound my vocal cord like a grandfather clock,
turned my tongue into a razor rather than
a sheath. And all the drunken brawls and nights
heckling stand-up comedians were only the aftermath—
the vestiges of therapy sessions gone wrong.
I started dodging cops, then construction workers,
then librarians, then friends knocking at my door, saying,
We know you're in there, come on out.
One by one I'm losing my spare house keys
in the skulls of innocent strangers. I'm burning
my own arms, mistaking them for bridges.
And if you're hearing this then you're like me:
scared of shadows and birds, gritting your teeth,
braced against the door. I know this
is mostly withdrawals and anxiety talking,
but knowing a monster's name won't stop it
from flaying you, draping your corpse over a streetlamp
for the kids to see and say, Gee, what's he doing up there?
Why won't he come down?

Celebrate the past in drags: one for every balcony
we didn't leap from, one for every pitcher spilled
in the dank fumes of the pub while the bartenders
laughed and called us names. I'll smoke mine here
in Virginia, my only company the June beetles,
and you do yours in Los Angeles, that city where
everyone goes to die. I had a dream you and I were
swimming out into the Pacific, and the sharks tailed us,
waiting to see how long it would take for us to run out
of breath, but we didn't—we just swam and swam
towards a shore that wasn't there to begin with,
so we turned around and swam home. Every morning
I wake up and burn my palm trying to light a damp cig,
while coffee bleeds into the pot, just inside. I see last October
and its tentacles: the prescriptions, the questionnaires,
the fist fights our friends had to tell us about later
because we were checked out, too busy drowning
in spirits, trying to pummel our own reflections,
but we survived. Take a drag for that,
and the battery acid we didn't drink, the bones
we didn't shatter on four-story falls. Take a drag
for the holy water we left coursing down our arms.
And another. And another. In Los Angeles
earthquakes sob along to cracked guitars
while bar floors mourn the drought, and the city sleeps
alone tonight, as we burn elegies into our palms
for each other or ourselves, for the black eyes and bad lungs,
for anything other than tomorrow.

Hey look: I'm chewing off my fingertips, I'm rubbing vodka
into my eyes just to keep awake. I'm dancing with morphine sticks
disguised as friends and waiting for the moon to stop singing
so many dirges. Really I'm waiting for myself to stop.
The roads are looking more and more like canvasses torched
and I'm always the one holding the torch. I'm trying to mow the lawn
with a chainsaw and I can't stop. I'm building scaffolds
with cigarette butts and trying to climb them. I'm swarming
a streetlight like a gnat in a cloud of gnats, and the only solace
is that none of the others know how to stop either. We buzz like that,
and every once in a while one of us gets zapped, and we watch her fall
and hit the ground and stop. We wait for the rain to come and sweep her
into the gutter, where she'll cruise into the sewer, and where eventually
we'll follow.

I'm glad you've found me here, eating cigarettes in this pile of trash, counting my fingers over and over to make sure I'm still intact—you with your sonata smile and dry ice heart you smother in rolling papers and ash. And I'm glad you understand the nonsense I spout in my sleep, the jerky waltzes I thrust into your chest. You've read the Braille behind my black eyes, the botched Neruda that escapes my lungs with every smoker's cough, and I'm glad when I run, you know not to chase me. Lily, you're what the Vikings saw the first time the Aurora Borealis knocked them to the ground. You're clean white bone hiding beneath scorched flesh, and the rain, and the gauze. I'm glad you caught me when my tightrope snapped, I'm glad you spread your arms wide enough for me to fit inside. Lily, I'm scared. Lily, am I coming through to you? Can you tell me what happens next?

I'm sad to leave LA because on the sunny days
I don't miss you. That's what Caroline said
the day I lasered her name off my shoulder—
the same shoulder she used to nestle into
like a bird in deep foliage during a storm.
She offered her hand, all scarred up and raw,
bearing tooth marks that matched my canines
point by point, but this time I didn't bite; instead
I pulled a switchblade and sliced her to the bone.
And now, no matter how many times I cut myself
in the same spot, it won't be enough to push the blood
back into her veins. I worry everything I touch
turns to dust—like my friend Michael, when he tried
to pull a moth out of the shower, gently, in a cradle
of toilet paper, but instead of saving it he just
crushed its wings and let it fall. Some nights
I drink to forget the wreckage I've left
in my wake, feeling like an oil tanker
shattering crystalline icebergs, not on purpose,
only passing through. I've walked through the fire
without any burns, but those I've tried to bring with me
have become the ashes drifting off my cigarette,
and the only consolation is drunken kindness,
spare change for the homeless, advice for Michael
and the others, but there's no truth in a shot glass.
No beauty in a bottle. Only ghosts wielding switchblades,
and bite marks, and blood.

When my therapist asks me why my knuckles are all bruised
I don't know which will sound worse: the lie
that I've been fighting strangers again, or that I've picked up
a nervous habit of dragging them across chain links and bricks
until they bleed. I was sitting in her office thinking about
what in the hell psychic death could possibly mean, when I remembered
a talk we'd had in class about Goldfish crackers—the way companies
anthropomorphize them, slapping on eyeballs and smiles, and somehow
that makes them so much more desirable. My friend said that ever since
we were cave people, we've had an innate desire to kill, so biting
the head off a fish that resembles a human helps fulfill that desire.
I wish I had the memory of a goldfish, so I wouldn't remember
all the times my head has been bitten off. My therapist
pulls up my weekly mood chart and statistical likelihood
of suicide, but I don't want to look at that. I want to look at her
root beer eyes, or that loose strand of hair dancing under her nose.
I can't help but wonder, Does she have an innate desire
to kill me right now?, but I don't mention that. Or the Goldfish.
I just talk about how I've been punching brick walls
and how good it feels to exert all that energy into nothing at all.

Last night I had a dream my brother and I were both maimed in a war
and rather than go on living, we each took a dozen barbiturates
as an act of solidarity, but then our parents took us to the park
to see fireworks, and we both decided we didn't want to die after all.
We had to keep each other awake, as we nodded off
to death's Siren song, but I knew that even if we both
outlived that night, there would be another, and another.
That's when you called and woke me up. It was you, Margot,
telling me you had been maimed and needed help—but this was
real life, and you were in LA, and I was in Arizona,
thrashing in my futon downstairs. So I sent you a poem,
a bunch of pixilated hash marks on a screen. I couldn't help
but wonder: am I the one you think about
when you drink yourself to sleep, or when the army ants swarm
your throat? Do you mutter my name as he moans yours
into your mattress—the very same one we once burned?
My brother's in Baltimore, I think he's doing all right,
I don't think he's counting barbiturates, at least not yet,
but I know you, and I know the way a person's voice breaks
when they're doing just that. I want to be there, Margot,
I want to be the stomach pump, or the water under your feet
as you walk and don't plummet, as the reefs beckon,
yet you turn them down in favor of the shore, though I know
there will always be another reef, and another, and the world
is very large—too large to wander without an occasional IPA
at the crossroads of what was and what won't be. So I'll smoke
my cigarettes, and I'll scrawl my frantic lines, and I'll wait
for you to call back, like an echo through the fog. I will wait
until my shoelaces stop looking like nooses, and you stop looking
for some source of light, because it's you, Margot. It was always you.

3am on a bench outside the church and I'm basking
in the sudden loneliness of it all: the headlights blazing past,
the birds calling to each other from one side of the park
to the other. I have no friends in this town—no one to call up
for a drink or a smoke, and I'm feeling a bit like a honeybee
that's been dragged a hundred miles from his hive because
he accidentally flew into a car full of roadtripping college kids.
I can't tell if it's good or bad, this encompassing peaceful doom,
like fog rolling off the Pacific, prefacing a storm. My friends
are drinking in Los Angeles, tossing logs onto a bonfire,
while I watch the moon and crave a bottle of wine I know
I can't have. The jets cruising miles above me are full
of honeybees. My head is full of hornets, and I hope I have enough
smoke left in my reserve pill bottles to calm them. Morning comes
like credits at the end of a movie, cascading downward, possessed
by gravity, and maybe I'll sleep on this bench and wait
for the cops shoo me away. Maybe I'll break into the church
and perform the Sacrament prayers the priests nailed into my brain,
but that would be sacrilege—as if my very presence in this town
wasn't enough of a slap to the face for all the sleeping families,
blissful in their fidelity, waiting for Jesus to come and rid the earth
of bummy college kids contaminating the air they breathe. Because
we don't all harbor nests of hornets within our skulls, we're not all
bees stranded in strange lands, and most of us can't even
recognize each other, even if we pass, lock eyes and nod.

And when the flashflood came it carried masks and matchsticks, it dropped boxcutters into the hands of bums and businessmen, who looked at each other and grinned. Skid Row glitched through time and gave birth to twenty thousand ghosts, and the slacker tabloids barely noticed, busy with their murderous diversions, sleeping and laughing, settling down with cold beers while goblins wandered the streets, harboring bad shiners and casting black shadows against the slick great wall of the city. Los Angeles: a mound of toothless skulls, a symphony of shackled radios and kamikaze assholes screaming, Fuck off, to nobody in particular. When the flashflood came, I was sitting on my fire escape, where I could watch all the jackals and badgers flatline along towards their neat little graves, alone together, bereft and empty after the wonderful atomic nothing.

Joey's got weed and Xannies he sells on his free time
but we don't really talk about it over the picket fence—
usually he just makes fun of the things I shout in my sleep
when I leave my window open, or we hash out the old
Biggie/Tupac debate—but today I saw him selling
to the skater kids up the street and had to call him out.
I watched the dispensary up 29th get raided by the DEA
so now Joey's probably coasting. I also watched him punch
my best friend in the eye in my foyer. Things got a bit hazy
after that, but my other friend Zach turned klepto for a minute
so Joey hit him too. Zach stole three bikes in two days
and wanted to stash them behind my house, and I said no,
but only because I knew my roommates would throw a fit.
When I think of the company I keep, I imagine pills
and boxcutters, beards and holy water, bottles and cans
that Smokey will fish out of our dumpster to load up
into her sack. Her face is a car crash paused right at the moment
of carnage. When I told her LAPD had dragged out
a homeless man downtown and shot him in the head, she cried.
I should have cried. I might've known the dude. But I didn't.
I swore I'd take the strait and narrow, I swore I'd walk
towards the light, but how can I help if I pull shadows
the way Smokey pulls recyclables, or Joey pulls Xannies
to palm to skater kids? We're the Island of Misfit
Manic-Depressives, but this is not an exclusive club.
There's no bouncer here. Wipe off your makeup and befriend
some pigeons—you can join the Church of the Broken Bottle,
the Church of the Band-Aid, here where we get frisked
and fucked and lost on the daily. We've been waiting
for the End of Times forever. When God lights up the sky
in seconds and we watch Los Angeles tumble like dominoes,
we'll raise our hands high, middle fingers to the steeples
in vain, because we saw the grand finale in cigarette burns
and street people long, long ago, but there was nothing
we could do or say to stop it.

I'm on my back in the grass, watching jets slice the sky
like brushes on canvas, or razors on skin. Someone's singing
ballads across the park, but I can't make out the words.
A cloud the size of Los Angeles swallows up the planes
and part of me wishes it would fall like a cinderblock,
knocking us all deep into the earth. There are things I remember
and things I forget. I can't remember the last thing you said,
but it was probably something sweet, some inside joke neither of us
would find funny anymore. A couple weeks ago at a party
I hit the lean hard, and, stumbling home, I tried to befriend
some dogs through a fence. They mauled my hand and now
my bed is covered in blood. It won't wash out. It never does.
I guess the end of winter means the beginning of something new,
but everything is always happening, anyway, so here we are now,
sipping coffee in Founders Park, here we are laying in bed,
talking Kerouac and doing our best Louis Armstrong impressions,
and here we are in ten years, trying hard to figure out
why we always reach through fences we know we shouldn't.
Last night I choked on Valium and watched a special about giraffes—
their tongues, their girder necks they swing like clubs
when they fight. At the end of the show, a mother was defending
her child from a pride of lions, and she looked as if she might make it,
stomping a wall around the baby, but then she stomped her child
in the head. She stood there and then looked downward, slowly,
to see the mess she had made. And then she ran, her pitiful skull
swinging on its bean pole, her voice silent because giraffes
are silent creatures. We are not silent creatures. I wish
I could sing ballads, but all I can muster are these lines,
these desperate slashes across paper, like vapor trails behind planes,
or the scars we leave on each other's hands every time we embrace
and drift apart.

Rinse, dry, repeat. Valium, lithium, booze, dandruff flakes
falling into my date's warm mimosa, and there you have it,
a dartboard of cacophonies, a graveyard of tallies
Sharpied across my hand—all these reminders
that I've become everything I was taught to hate. The mirror
informs me I'm no longer me, and from within
the glass I watch myself step into the shower
and blast scalding streams until the hot feels cold.
Most days you can find me shaking my fist
at the sky, thinking of something to say,
but all that comes out are four-letter words.
You can see me standing on my own chest,
cracking ribs, guzzling Promethazine like iced tea.
I pull out onto Vermont with a shotgun
in the passenger seat, no, that's not a shotgun,
that's my friend, no, that's me, hurling eggs
at pedestrians and blaming the driver.
Sometimes I wish I could kiss myself
so I could bite out my tongue, but that
won't work, that would be too easy.

Two guys were sawing a rubber band ball in half and as each cord
snapped it pushed the innards outwards, like a fist full
of worms, or an octopus swallowing itself. There were whales
washing ashore, too heavy to be pushed back to sea, and
the methane gases inside bloated the corpses so much that they
exploded, showering neighboring towns in blubbery gore.
Somebody broke into a chicken ranch and killed nine hundred
hens with a golf club before stripping his gloves and stepping back
out through a hole in the fence. I saw a mother give her young son
a bloody nose for trying to pocket a Kit-Kat, saying, You know
we can't afford it. It's in Paris and Seattle,
Los Angeles and DC: this knack for hiding razors
beneath tongues and laying low, crouching behind Porsches,
sidestepping alleys. I used to think I'd get hit by a taxi
or choke on a peppermint. Now I'm sure I'll catch a couple bullets
on my way to the gas station for smokes and a Coke.
Last night at a dinner party the birds kept battering the windows,
like maybe they were trying to get in, or maybe they were warning us
of something outside. The preacher said this life is a dream,
copping a Shakespeare line, but all my dreams end with monsters—
don't yours? Don't you find yourself atop a building while the creature
hurdles flights of stairs just to reach you and stare? On the flight back east,
we hit bad weather and the lady next to me starting convulsing in fear,
so I held her hand and calmed her, saying, It'll be all right,
we'll be all right, but in my gut I knew I was trying to turn off the stove
in a room full of flames. The month when I went crazy,
my heart was a bundle of rubber cords, an anemone
of ventricles, and my fists were beached whales waiting to explode.
There are things in ourselves we try to drown in coffee and vodka,
cigarettes and ink, but all my monsters know my name—don't yours?

I'm wide awake, alone again on the porch at 2am, sipping cider and toasting my friends in Paris, Austin, LA, and New York, watching Christmas lights flicker across the street, across the golf course, on down Route 11 and its dusty, lazy sprawl. Breath like steam off coffee, hands like leaves weighed with snow, tongue working mute pleas to absent loved ones, lacking words. My father's in bed, still up, I'm sure, hesitant to come outside because he doesn't want to see the cigarette butt burning my knuckles, or the torn pages strewn in ash. My brother's in Tempe, my grandpa's in the ground, and I'm in half a dozen letters left in my LA apartment, unopened. I'd like to think I've left enough hairs in the spines of books to be remembered, even without a name, like in twenty years some kid will pluck me out of The Brothers Karamazov and wonder who I was, where I came from, and how in God's name I ended up in her hands. For all I know, after death we'll all wander around in bursts of black smoke, but for now I'm here, in the billboards and frost, in the windmills and factory lights, in the paint-flecked windows, warped against the years.

There was a convex mirror. An altar made of hands.
The traffic shot by like bullets through flesh
and you ran out into it. No, you didn't run,
but you wanted to. You kept trying to pry
the bullet out of your chest but your fingers
couldn't grip it. I saw a man with no arms
panhandling in Pershing Square and his toes
were limber and thin. I bet that's how you felt
when you watched the ambulance blast
down Hoover, driving somebody to the hospital
after they slipped in the shower or choked
on some eggs. There was a squeegee.
I burned the hair off my left arm.
It was funny until the flame really caught,
like sparks on dry brush. I heard
you went crazy, I heard you kicked a door down,
I heard you crying in the next room over
while my ceiling fan turned and turned.

I barked my knuckles on the concrete, the sky
a film of brake lights and smog, my shoes filling
with my own blood, and you were at the top
of the stairs, your body telling you to fall.
We were burning, tired, gutted like trout,
but who was dragging us
through those alleys and pools? Who had us
snapping fence posts like bones, prying open
our pockets for smokes we'd left at home?
I want you to know I'm scared. Nine days
of corkscrews and sucker punches, somebody
chasing us away from the party for ripping
towel racks out of the wall. You had wind
in your eyes, a razor under your tongue, and
I promise if I could scrape the vodka out
of your veins, I would. I limped home
and gave myself a black eye. I gave myself
to the asphalt, still swept with wine.
My window beckoned, it said, Look here,
I know the secret to life after death.

It's 2am outside the McDonald's on Fig and I realize
I'm watching the moon through the fronds again,
mumbling curses to the little man in the crosswalk sign
as the street creeps along in frantic slur.
I bum around until my Camel dies
and wander in, order some ice cream, order some fries,
order all this greasy food I don't want but eat anyway.
I can't be alone—my stomach's all pills and gin, and if I go home
I'm pretty sure I'll drink out of the toilet, or choke on bananas
or something as stupid, so I make eye contact
with all the workers and drunk sorority girls pacing the aisles.
I must stink because everyone's giving me a wide berth
but it's fine. A homeless guy walks in and he looks like Santa's sad twin
so I ask him if he wants anything. Haven't a milkshake in years, he says.
I buy him one. He says, You ever jet ski? I did in a dream once.
He looks the way I feel. The homeless guy pays me back with a gold button
he found outside, and I don't know what to say so I shake his hand and leave.
A while later I'm perched on the curb writing this poem on the back of my receipt
when a woman in rags stops her shopping cart full of cans
and says, Someday I'll be able to sit down and have a normal conversation
with someone like you. She leaves. I shrug. I wander home and strip
before I even make it in the front door, and I don't drink
out of the toilet, I don't chain smoke on the balcony,
I don't tear up this poem and fall asleep holding the scraps.

Militant pornstars robed in light, arch-backed
and bucking to drum rolls of shutter. Toothless
vagrants playing chess on 5th and Hill,
the fruit man carving smiley faces in watermelons
as drunk students stumble past. My fledgling doves
returned to my balcony while I was out of town—
at least that's the best explanation I have
for the blanket of shit I found
smothering my chair and ash tray
and no one else's. I like to think
they came looking for me
after braving Los Angeles
through window and gust.
I should have warned them.
The first time I had a knife pulled on me
in South Central I smiled because I didn't know
what else to do. I was foolish and lucky
not to have been slashed open
like a sack of rice. This is a poem
for those who have cleaned vomit
off their friends' favorite shirts—for those
who have watched strangers shoot up heroin
and heard threats at the end of a blade.
This is for those who have tried to come home
and found that home vacant and cold.

Los Angeles sipping cold beer and warm wine,
the slow clap of plates as diners close their doors
and all the high school girls smoke cigarettes
outside the bars, pinching their faces. Let's talk about hair:
the feel of it between your fingers
behind a girl's head, over a toilet bowl
in her apartment. It's the girl you love.
Let's talk about condoms. No,
let's talk about drum solos you smash
into your dashboard as you barrel down streets
and listen for your father's voice over the radio,
crooning about your childhood home and the hurt
he left there. You can't fight it, the quick chill,
the air that only leaves your lungs the second
you introduce yourself as nervous. In another city
you might drive ten miles to escape the concrete
and watch the stars, but this light won't let you go.
All that waits outside the city limits
are an ocean of quilted smog
and a book of half-written lyrics
you can't hold or read or see.

Now they're throwing punches and cursing
outside my Jeep, as I recline the seat
to quietly sip caffeine. No Valium
tonight—the police might chase me out
for another trek through sleepless Portland
where I'll inevitably drive off a bridge when my eyes
clench like thighs mid-orgasm. The bars are closing,
sending more drunks my way, towards the fight
under Ronald McDonald's omnipotent grin, and one man
yells, Now you did it, you broke my nose. The scuffle
ends. I imagine the blood in the street, like spots
in teenage sheets. It will never travel veins
again. It'll muck up the sewer grate
and get carried out to sea, along with the rest
of us, and when we're all together again
we'll throw our hands up and pray to sharks.

The devil's beating his wife in Portland. I'm smashed
because I don't know how to drink socially anymore,
and my mind's still in Vacaville
with the teenager who tricked me into driving her
halfway up the coast. She was a runaway,
a truck with no gravel to break
her fall. Maybe I caught her before she slept in a bus station
and was found by the police, or a lonely man with pin-ups
on the inside of his F-150. The light
is faltering over the pine trees, and this is my home,
the greenery and showers, the jubilant gloom.
Now I'm smoking fancy French cigarettes
I pinched off an exchange student, wondering
whose arms she fled, why she hopped
into my Jeep with a heavy rock in her pocket
and no plan except flight. Last night I roamed
the streets of Portland for two hours before stopping
in a McDonald's lot and nodding off to the dirge
of drunk men whose wives wouldn't give them head.
The breeze was thick with vodka
and sea foam creeping onto the land, and as I punched apologies
into the steering wheel, she rode nine hours south
in handcuffs, staring at the land blowing past.
We drove by a slaughterhouse
before I knew her real name, and I said, Isn't that sad,
and she just turned up the music and picked at a scab
on her thigh.

Midday bus ride back from Skid Row. I pop a Valium
discretely so the lady to my left doesn't notice
but I'm sure she already knows—she's seen the scar tissue
tracing my scalp, the vodka under my eyes,
so fuck it, I shake the bottle out in the open
like a maraca full of bones. I'm thinking about Katie and her bangs,
her flask she's locked away in favor of pills, my pills,
because her whiskey couldn't quench the flood.
She's trying to drink the ocean, she's opening up
like a fist after it's been pummeled to pulp.
If I'm going to make it home, Katie has to be there,
with her eyes and arms wide,
on the lawn, with an iced coffee, a couple new bug bites
where her skin should be smooth and white. If we're
driving to the ocean, we'll get up and go. No hesitation.
No sorry slurs. Where does the fist go
when you open your hand? Where did I read that first?

We binged Nightmare on Elm Street and chugged Smirnoff Ice for a week when Katie's boyfriend left her and she needed a place to stay. I had a dream I was in a theater with a bucket of Valium and a bottle of water and everyone asked me to share. A partygoer pulled a gun in the apartment four doors down but I don't know if anyone died. My girlfriend opened my medicine cabinet one night and a shelf full of pill bottles clattered into the sink. She put them back one by one, slowly, and when she came back out she wouldn't speak. Katie moved in with another friend, so I was free again to walk around naked and blast music at 2am. That was during my month-long Smiths binge and I kept expecting my neighbors to knock and ask for a smoke, or maybe a drink, because that's what you do when someone listens to The Smiths for a month, but they just turned up their Lil Jon to drown out the sound. I watched a movie where a woman made a half-assed attempt at suicide, expecting her husband to save her, but he didn't find her in time, he was busy making coffee in the other room.

I found him strung-out off Skid Row, shredded Nikes
falling off his feet. His earlobes were stretched for gauges
but they were empty and loose, hanging there like tire swings.
I couldn't look away. The last time he had sex
was with a kid down Figueroa for forty bucks.
I'm going home, he said. Home at last.
Four years older than me, Kenneth shook his head
like he had water in his ears. Or whiskey. His lobes dragged
invisible hooks. I could see pedestrians walking through them. I thought,
how did he get here, with his dope and sneakers and chipped teeth?
He needed bus fare to get back up the hill, so I palmed him a five
and went home to my bed and A/C and coffee maker and fell asleep.

I liked the part where they almost died,
no, I liked when they made out in the pool
and ignored the security guard,
my favorite was when they sat alone in their rooms
on opposite sides of town and practiced
kissing the backs of their hands, I liked when one
was rolling joints and the other was shaking
pill bottles, I thought it was a little odd
how their teeth never clanged when they kissed
and they never had any trouble keeping it up
in bed, but it sure was sweet when they met
twenty years later at a deli in Santa Monica
and couldn't remember a thing.

Some cold-blooded wretch, some flightless bird
breaking mirrors over my head, dressing my wounds,
keeping tally of the hours I spend
writing letters and burning them in the driveway.
All these little bridges left smoldering
between me and old friends, schoolyards
and bars, and bookstores where we're banned
for sneaking burgundy in through the back. I can hear
the train stitching up the land
in iron and grime, half a mile
from my parents' house in Arizona. It won't rain here
so anything that's left out will remain
until it's been stained by the sun.
All the streetlights die at 5am,
at 6 the paperboys pitch the news
and chug coffee through chapped lips, and I
ransack the cabinets for needles and thread,
though I don't know what I'm supposed to do
when everything's back where it belongs.

Where do you go when the empty comes,
when your body folds in on itself like paper
or flame? How many beds have you fucked,
how many walls have you beaten
more to watch your hands bleed
than to reach the other side? There's truth
in the bottom of a shot glass, but not
any truth I want to know. And these pills
only burn your throat and leave your cock
limp next to the girl you love. They're nothing
but wind caught in capsules, bleach-lined brims,
hair caught in ceiling fans. I have searched
in cleavage and weed, in temples and sewers,
and there's no God in any waiting room.
No love in a trigger. No fear when you're all
prescriptions and scars. God is wine
sipped from a Styrofoam cup.
God is nothing at all.

Another night of stealing beer from strangers,
this time a graduation party, Jack stomping
circles around the kitchen, and me
screaming about the Apocalypse, because somehow that's funny
in a room full of drunks. People are muttering
about the guy commandeering the music to blast
Biggie Smalls, and of course it's Rex,
sauntering away to cook taco meat in the kitchen,
and all is well until we get a noise complaint and the cops
find Jack smashing bottles in the back,
so we go home, we pull out old letters and cut ourselves
on the edges, and we watch porn, hoping
not to see any faces we know. Who sent us this sorrow
that bites our earlobes and breasts,
or this haphazard reluctance to go to bed alone?
On my counter someone left a cup of coffee, and it must be fate
so I chug it and smash the mug. We were having fun,
it was all fun, we were laughing and running and breaking glass
until we stumbled home to empty beds
and couldn't find our tongues.

The kid across the street is watching TV in his bedroom.
I see his window flickering white and blue
as the streetlights soak my hair
and cockroaches party in the gutter,
scrounging for morsels of food. It's eerie
the way they follow you from city to city,
making faces too small to see.
I wonder what the kid's watching,
maybe porn or an action flick, or late night commercials
for food processors. I imagine he's alone
but maybe not. I'd forgotten
the moon's thin grimace, the way words flutter
when your voice is drowned in wind.

There's a train across the freeway sobbing
and a woman locking her front door
as I open a pack of smokes, feeling very
out of place. Somewhere in my arteries
there's a pile of trash, a temple
no one can see. Somewhere in the desert
my best friend is singing motorcycle songs
and mourning the sky that greets us
in the Los Angeles dawn. He's loosening
his helmet, he's fighting the things inside.
Crickets and birds. Whiskey and ash. In the hall
outside my brother's room, I'm wiping my clothes
with dryer sheets. I think it's going to rain.

Another pack of 27s for the road, another cup
of shitty coffee to spill all over the upholstery
or toss off the cliff. It's me and Youssef
blazing through the fog, taking turns 20mph
faster than the speed limit, and here's the spot
where Kerouac started walking barefoot
because his shoes were cutting up
his soles—I see him scribbling litanies
in his little prayer book, words like razors
scattered in the grass. Youssef puts his feet
on the dash and leaves his seatbelt
unlatched, his arm out the window, ready
to signal any incoming traffic, Yes, us,
hit us, we're the ones you're looking for,
our eyes clotted, our stomachs raw meat
from the moonshine and fries. On the dock
we watch elephant seals ripple across the sand
as they search for others to wrestle or fuck,
like cops scoping jaywalkers on Jefferson
because they have nothing better to do,
and right when we're about to hop the fence
and do something foolish and brilliant, some kid
asks us to take her picture. She seems happy.

so much smoke in her blood
so much ache in her smile
the day smelled like skunk weed
I brought the sutures
but not the gauze
she was headstone font type
Afrikaans slang
airplane trails
barbiturate theft
she said, I can't make you try
I let go of her hand
someone sneezed on the sidewalk
the clock screamed the time
she was glistening bottles
smashed on the curb
scooped up and christened
bathed in yellow tape
she put her head in my lap
all focus and snarl
I'm here, she said
reaching for my hand
it was a Friday
the clocks were in sync

In photos and films it's always
the same: waxed brows arch, teeth
slip out to reflect the flash. Lately
I've been wondering why things
with eyes and mouths are
so much easier to love.
Some people fuck in public, some
sport ink or nose rings, others
drop hundreds on boat shoes
and wave their phones in the air.
When we're at our worst,
when the erection fails or
we've forgotten our lovers' birthdays,
we stretch awful facelifts and somehow
that makes everything all right. I'd like
to think after all the faking
I'm still myself. I'd like to think
that's right.

Write a poem without cigarettes,
without mentioning sex
or love or the moon. Write for somebody
besides yourself, write someplace other
than a park bench, or your rooftop.
Write from a different place than Lexapro
or regret. Write about the night you slept
without any clothes on and didn’t wake up
to the sound of your own voice. Write
like your life doesn’t depend on it, like
you won’t crumple into a pile of words
and runny ink. You are not alone
as you sip gin on your balcony,
measuring your grief like slashes in wrists
or loops in a noose. I am always hearing your voice
as I crave the sunset and mark my arms
with Plath lines in black Sharpie, channeling ghosts
from the books beside my bed. One night in Paris
we shook hands over promises of medication
and living past thirty. You were drunk
and I had called you belligerent. I never apologized,
so I’ll do it now: I’m sorry.
I’m sorry I can’t take the shards
out of your chest and place them in mine.
I’m sorry I’ll never know how to hug you
without feeling too tall. Write something sad.
Write out all the things too grim to say
and douse the pages in gasoline. I’ll drive up Adams
in a car I’ve stolen from a friend, and we’ll laugh
until the pills are no longer caught in our throats.

There's some blood in my mouth—why is there blood
in my mouth? There's a kite tangled in the power lines
outside my Rehoboth hotel, and dozens of ruined sand castles
up and down the beach. They're ruined
because last night my brother and I went out at eleven
with shovels and flashlights
looking for something to smash.

When my brother and I
finally got to the beach, out past the taffy shop
and the boardwalk, there was nothing to smash.
Someone had already destroyed all the castles,
so we got on our hands and knees and built new ones.
