chapter one:cancer round 1

the day was thursday october 26th. The biggest game of my middle school volleyball career andmy parents anniversary. It was a huge night for me. The match was crazy for our rivals the lincoln warriors fell short once again.After our victory me and my best friends at the time, went to whataburger to celebrate.well while we were ordering a pain arose in the left lower part of my back so my best friend.Becca,massaged it ans it went away.we all enjoyed our burgers and we were talking about the game when the pain from earlier came back but multiplied by ten.i was doubled over in the middle of thos whataburger and my mom jokingly asked if the pain was bad enough to go to the emergency room. well everybody was surprised when i actually said yes. so in less than a minute we were out of there and taking becca home .this whole time everybody was encouraging me to just go hime and take a hot bath and it would be better.all i did was scream and they knew it was serious . so my mom calmly drive me to the hospital and when we arrived the pain was so bad i couldnt even sit or stand s i layed on the floor and in about 2.8 seconds i was getting lifted onto a stretcher.So at least i got a life time lesson out of this , if your ever in the emergency room area just lay on the floor and assistance will shortly arrive. that night was crazy. i had lots of scans and tests run on me plus for a little bonus i got to have a nice butt shot to help that pain. all i wanted to do was sleep so after 5 hours of testing i finally got to snooze.At around five the doctors called my dad out of the room and told him the news that parents have nightmares about .they said the dreaded words "your child has cancer". The next day my doctor.doctor carcamo, came into my hospital room and spent about an hour explaining how things were going to go down. First he told me i had a wilms tumor the size of a tennis ball on my left kidney and that it ruptured it and thats why the pain was so intense. he said it was wierd because normally wilms sho up in kids from age 3 to 5 and i was 13. i was going to have either 6 or 11 radiation treatmentsi dont know which one(me and my mom still are sure) and six months of chemo. i would recieve the radiation first and then get chemo once a week for a while and then once every three weeks . That saturday i had my left kidney along with the tumor removed and i got a port put in under my arm. A port is where they insert the needle to give you chemo and blood and things through. During the first two months i lost around thiry pounds ,so i was pretty much a walking skeleton. since i knew i was going to lose my hair i cut it short and i was going to donate it but it wasnt long enough ,so i kept my ponytail instead.when january rolled around i was feeling better and i wanted to start working out and playing volleyball,so i did. in between chemos i would workout ,play volleyball,do school work ,and of course pilates with my dad . I never reallly had any problems except once i shaved and cut myself and was put in the hospital for a couple of days becasue my doctor thought it was infected.All of the girl nurses and i knew it was razor burn but still had to pay for it. In may 2007 i was done and of course being a Hussmann , i threw a party. That summer i played volleyball an =d made the Franklin High ASchool freshmen volleyball team. i was captain ans i was lovin life. I loved being back in school amd being a normal kid again .